
 
https://www.aicello.com
AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip
global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to footer
navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products
Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese
Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us ABOUT US Message from the President
Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of
Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile
Movie Access Map Products PRODUCTS BOSELON® (Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting
Film) SOLUBLON® (Water Soluble Film) CleanContainers (Containers for Ultrapure
Chemicals) HYPERCLEAN™ PE film (Ultra-clean Packaging for Mission Critical
Application) SUZULON L (Sealant Film for Lamination) Aicello Technology
AICELLO TECHNOLOGY Development Related Facilities Sustainability
SUSTAINABILITY Message from the President Sustainability Management
Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics
Aicello Group AICELLO GROUP Oversea Japan News Contact Us 1 2 PRODUCTS Product
Lineup Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film BOSELON® Packaging films containing
Volatile Corrosion Inhibitors to protect metals from rust in the automotive
and steel industries. Containers for Ultrapure Chemicals CleanContainers
Containers for managing ultrapure chemicals used in the microelectronics, life
science and other mission critical industries. Water Soluble Film SOLUBLON® A
water soluble film based upon polyvinyl alcohol used in packaging, transfer
printing, mold release, medical and other industries. Clean Bag HYPERCLEAN™ PE
film Clean Bags with ultra low particle counts for the microelectronic,
medical and food industries. NEWS MORE November 07, 2023 The CLEAN BOTTLE
website has been renewed. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation Published in
“Newsweek”. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON
Europa 2023. July 21, 2023 Price Adjustment Notification ABOUT AICELLO Aicello
Group Overseas Subsidiaries Aicello Technology Creative technology developed
by Aicello AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,
Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION
All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/
AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip
global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to footer
navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products
Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese
Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us ABOUT US Message from the President
Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of
Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile
Movie Access Map Products PRODUCTS BOSELON® (Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting
Film) SOLUBLON® (Water Soluble Film) CleanContainers (Containers for Ultrapure
Chemicals) HYPERCLEAN™ PE film (Ultra-clean Packaging for Mission Critical
Application) SUZULON L (Sealant Film for Lamination) Aicello Technology
AICELLO TECHNOLOGY Development Related Facilities Sustainability
SUSTAINABILITY Message from the President Sustainability Management
Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics
Aicello Group AICELLO GROUP Oversea Japan News Contact Us 1 2 PRODUCTS Product
Lineup Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film BOSELON® Packaging films containing
Volatile Corrosion Inhibitors to protect metals from rust in the automotive
and steel industries. Containers for Ultrapure Chemicals CleanContainers
Containers for managing ultrapure chemicals used in the microelectronics, life
science and other mission critical industries. Water Soluble Film SOLUBLON® A
water soluble film based upon polyvinyl alcohol used in packaging, transfer
printing, mold release, medical and other industries. Clean Bag HYPERCLEAN™ PE
film Clean Bags with ultra low particle counts for the microelectronic,
medical and food industries. NEWS MORE November 07, 2023 The CLEAN BOTTLE
website has been renewed. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation Published in
“Newsweek”. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON
Europa 2023. July 21, 2023 Price Adjustment Notification ABOUT AICELLO Aicello
Group Overseas Subsidiaries Aicello Technology Creative technology developed
by Aicello AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,
Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION
All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/access/
Access Map | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Access Map Access Map COMPANY NAME AICELLO CORPORATION HEAD OFFICE 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN TELEPHONE (+81)532-88-4558 TELEFAX (+81)532-88-3229 By Air Note: From Toyohashi station, please take a taxi to AICELLO. It will take 20 minutes. From Narita International Airport (Tokyo): Take Narita Express to JR Tokyo station. Change to JR Shinkansen (Bullet Train "KODAMA") to Toyohashi station. Approximately 3.5 hours total travel time. From Central Japan International Airport ( Centrair ): Take a highway bus bound for Toyohashi stop and get off a Toyohashi station (a Toyohashi -ekimae). Approximately 1.5 hours total travel time. Another way is to take a Meitetsu Limited Express to Toyohashi station. Approximately 1.5 hours total travel time. From Kansai Airport (Osaka): Take Haruka Express to Shin-Osaka station. Change to JR Shinkansen (Bullet Train "KODAMA") to Toyohashi station. Approximately 3 hours total travel time. About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about
About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/products/
Products | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Products Home > Products Products Aicello supplies materials to some of the largest multinational companies to help create the products that touch our daily lives. Our products are utilized in production processes or component packaging of: Planes that you fly - SOLUBLON ® and BOSELON ® Computers that you work with - CleanContainers and HYPERCLEAN™ PE film Cars that you drive - SOLUBLON ® and BOSELON ® Games your children play with - CleanContainers and HYPERCLEAN™ PE film Detergents that clean your clothes and dishes - SOLUBLON ® Foods that you eat - SOLUBLON ® , SUZULON L, CleanContainers, HYPERCLEAN™ PE film Contents on page BOSELON® SOLUBLON® CleanContainers HYPERCLEAN™ PE film SUZULON L Challenge to develop new technologies BOSELON® Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film Packaging films containing Volatile Corrosion Inhibitors to protect metals from rust in the automotive and steel industries. SOLUBLON® Water Soluble Film A water soluble film based upon polyvinyl alcohol used in packaging, transfer printing, mold release, medical and other industries. CleanContainers Containers for Ultrapure Chemicals Containers for managing ultrapure chemicals used in the microelectronics, life science and other mission critical industries. HYPERCLEAN™ PE film Ultra-clean Packaging for Mission Critical Application Clean Bags with ultra low particle counts for the microelectronic, medical and food industries. SUZULON L Sealant Film for Lamination Food grade PE composite sealant films. Anti-static and fog-resistant grades are available. Challenge to develop new technologies FIXELON® "FIXELON" is a thermoplastic film that thermally bonds with different materials through heat and pressure. SO Sheet "SO Sheet" is a film with a two-layer structure consisting of a "PVA layer" and a "PET layer". Contact Us Please contact us from the inquiry form. Inquiry Form Products BOSELON® (Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film) SOLUBLON® (Water Soluble Film) CleanContainers (Containers for Ultrapure Chemicals) HYPERCLEAN™ PE film (Ultra-clean Packaging for Mission Critical Application) SUZULON L (Sealant Film for Lamination) AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/aicello-technology/
Aicello Technology | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Aicello Technology Home > Aicello Technology Aicello Technology The starting point of Aicello’s manufacturing is serving societies and satisfying customers. By listening to and sincerely responding to the true needs of customers, we evolve Aicello’s technologies (Aicello Technology ) and create products full of originality. Aicello’s basic manufacturing technologies consist of the two technologies, solution casting technology derived from cellophane manufacturing which serves as Aicello’s roots, and melt extrusion technology to mold thermoplastic resin, in other words, technologies for melting resin and creating films and molded objects. In addition, Aicello has also developed its own original technologies including those for adding functions such as anti-corrosion, cleanness, water-solubility, photosensitivity, flame resistance, and characteristics such as gas barrier properties, chemical resistance, oil resistance, antistatic properties, moisture permeability, easy cutting and tearing properties, and anti-haze properties, evaluation technologies for products, and engineering. With Aicello Technology, which combines these basic technologies and original technologies, we have met the needs of many customers up until now through the provision of Aicello’s unique products in a wide range of fields. Evolving Aicello Technology The Source is Being Accessible Aicello Technology has grown and evolved by always responding to the needs of customers. The source of its evolution is being accessible by our working together as partners. We continue developing Aicello Technology as we take on the challenge of creating products full of originality by listening to the voices of customers, working together with many partners, and utilizing facilities that support development in the field. Development Related Facilities Aicello Technology Development Related Facilities AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/
Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability Sustainability Make a positive contribution to society through corporate activity Aicello continues to contribute to the sustainable development of society as a whole. Environment Aiming to Contribute to the Formation of a Recycling-Oriented Society Social Aiming to be a company where everyone is happy Governance Aiming for fair and transparent management Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Environmental Accounting Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/group/
Aicello Group | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Aicello Group Home > Aicello Group Aicello Group Contents on page China Thailand Malaysia Indonesia India Vietnam Canada USA Mexico Korea Germany China SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC PACKAGING CO., LTD. Business Description Manufacturing and converting of BOSELON ® ADDRESS No.8, Jucheng Road Jiading, Shanghai, China TEL (+86)021-6916-0990 FAX (+86)021-6916-0996 AICELLO (SHANGHAI) TRADING CO., LTD. Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Room 715, Shanghai International Trade Center, West Yan'an Road 2201, Changning District, Shanghai, China TEL (+86)021-6236-1693 FAX (+86)021-6236-1692 AICELLO(SHANGHAI)TRADING CO.,LTD GUANGZHOU BRANCH Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Room 1701 ,Goldlio n Digital Network Center,138 Tiyu Road East, Tia nhe,Guangz hou P.R.C, Guangzhou, China TEL (+86)020-3879-9681 FAX (+86)020-3879-9682 AICELLO(SHANGHAI)TRADING CO.,LTD TIANJIN OFFICE ADDRESS Unit 3503, Block A, International Trade Centre, No.39,Nanjing Road, Hexi District, Tianjin, China AICELLO(SHANGHAI)TRADING CO.,LTD ZHENGZHOU OFFICE ADDRESS Rm1105，Block 13#,No.157 Fuyuan Rd,Jinshui Dist,Zhengzhou,Henan 450000, China Go to Page Top Thailand AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD. Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS 41/42-43 (E5-E6) Moo6 Bangna-Trad Road, Km. 16.5, Bangcha-long Sub-district, Bangplee District, Samutprakarn 10540, Thailand TEL (+66)2752-2584~7 FAX (+66)2752-2588 URL https://www.aicellothailand.com/ Malaysia AICELLO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. Business Description Manufacturing and converting of BOSELON ® ADDRESS Lot12, Jalan Hi-Tech 13, Zon Industri Fasa 3, Kulim Hi-Tech Park, 09090 Kulim, Kedah, Malaysia TEL (+60)4-489-1927 FAX (+60)4-489-1924 Indonesia PT.ACBOS INDONESIA Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Jl. Kapuk Timur Blok F23-20D Delta Silicon 3 Lippo Cikarang Desa Cicau Kecamatan Cikarang Pusat Kabupaten Bekasi Jawa Barat 17530 Indonesia TEL (+62)21-2961-7762 FAX (+62)21-2961-7763 URL https://acbos.co.id/ Go to Page Top India AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Plot No.418 & 419, Ground Floor, Wing B, AIHP Signature, Udyog Vihar, Phase-4, Gurugram, Haryana-122015 India TEL (+91)124-436-2559 Vietnam AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD. Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Suite 1522, Floor 15, Icon4 Tower, 243A De La Thanh, Lang Thuong Ward, Dong Da District, Ha Noi City, Vietnam TEL (+84)24-3760-6626 FAX (+84)24-6266-2608 Canada AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® , SOLUBLON ® , CleanContainers, Hyperclean Films and related products in North America and South America ADDRESS Suite #505-171 West Esplanade North Vancouver, BC V7M 3J9, Canada TEL (+1)604-980-3285 FAX (+1)604-980-3965 USA AICELLO AMERICA CORPORATION Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® , SOLUBLON ® , CleanContainers, Hyperclean Films and related products in USA and Mexico ADDRESS 182 Nassau Street, Ste 303, Princeton, NJ 08542 USA TEL (+1)609-436-5711 FAX (+1)609-497-3940 OHIO OFFICE ADDRESS Columbus, OH USA TEL (+1)609-436-5827 Go to Page Top Mexico AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. Business Description Distribution of BOSELON ® and PE related products ADDRESS Calle Borbollon 9 Int. 5 y 6, Parque Industrial La Noria, EI Marqués, Queretaro, C.P. 76246 México TEL (+52)442-277-4657 URL https://aicellomexico.com/ Korea AICELLO MILIM CO., LTD. Business Description Manufacturing and sales of clean bottle and special plastic products ADDRESS 92, Gongdan 1-daero, Siheung-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea TEL (+82)31-497-8217 FAX (+82)31-497-8219 URL https://aicellomilim.com/ Germany AICELLO-HARKE GmbH Business Description Distribution of SOLUBLON ® , BOSELON ® , CleanContainers, Hyperclean Films in Europe ADDRESS Xantener Strasse 1-3 45479 Mulheim an der Ruhr, Germany TEL (+49)208-3069-1320 FAX (+49)208-3069-1321 Aicello Group Oversea Japan AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/
News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News News November 07, 2023 The CLEAN BOTTLE website has been renewed. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation Published in “Newsweek”. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON Europa 2023. July 21, 2023 Price Adjustment Notification June 27, 2023 Announcement of Executive Appointments February 21, 2023 「Rally Team AICELLO」 Presents 2023 Team Formation December 26, 2022 Our company has been featured in TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year. December 23, 2022 Our company has been featured in Newsweek’s website "semiconductor report". December 16, 2022 The CLEAN BAG website has been renewed. November 14, 2022 Our company joins Semiconductor Climate Consortium as Founding Member October 28, 2022 Our company has been featured in "NEWSWEEK" and "TIME". July 01, 2022 Announcement of Executive Appointments March 22, 2022 The SOLUBLON website has been renewed. January 20, 2022 Corporate Profile Movie has been updated June 22, 2021 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 18, 2021 Aicello Corporation’s New Malaysia Factory Starts Operation March 25, 2021 The new company "AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD." was established. November 16, 2020 Notice concerning Financial Information June 19, 2020 Announcement of Executive Appointments July 01, 2019 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 19, 2019 Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing March 11, 2019 Notice of our Website applies to Always-on SSL Encryption (https) October 08, 2018 PACKEXPO 2018 (CHICAGO) - AICELLO BOOTH #E-9134 June 14, 2018 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 15, 2017 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 06, 2017 We renewed CleanContainers.com website. June 23, 2016 Announcement of Executive Appointments March 17, 2016 Welcome to our new website. We renewed Aicello homepage. September 01, 2014 The new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED." was established. August 28, 2014 AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. moved to a new office. August 01, 2014 The new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." was established. 1 2 next » News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/form/inquiry/input
Inquiry Form Inquiry Form STEP1 Fill in your information STEP2 Confirm STEP3
Send message AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,
Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/message/
Message from the President | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Message from the President Message from the President We greatly value our employees and their well-being is of the utmost importance. We also take great pride in highly refined technologies incorporated into our products and the dedicated individual which helped shape our foundation. We are striving towards a goal. To fulfill and satisfy the requirements of our customers in specialized industries. Our company, through our products, would like to extend our hand to the world. We are AICELLO. A highly motivated collective of talented individuals working together, striving to overcome any challenges that lie ahead. Satoshi Morita CEO About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/outline/
Corporate Outline | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Corporate Outline Corporate Outline COMPANY NAME AICELLO CORPORATION HEAD OFFICE 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN TELEPHONE (+81)-532-88-4558 TELEFAX (+81)-532-88-0240 ESTABLISHED April, 1933 EXECUTIVE PRESIDENT Satoshi Morita EMPLOYEES 592 (non-consolidated) 1,315 (consolidated) ANNUAL SALES (2022) 22,774million yen FISCAL YEAR MAR. 20 PRODUCTS PE related films, Mold Products, PVAL film, Other BRANCH OFFICE TOKYO 6-8 Nihonbashi-Odenmacho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo OSAKA 2-14-6 Nishinakajima, Yodogawa-ku, Osaka NAGOYA 59-1 Kanenote, Ikeuracho, Anjo, Aichi KITAKANTO 1-13-3 Shinsayama, Sayama, Saitama YOKOHAMA 3-18-9 Shinyokohama, Kita-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa HAMAMATSU 145-1 Tokiwa-cho, Naka-ku, Hamamatsu, Shizuoka SUZUKA 1-1-1 Douhaku, Suzuka, Mie FUKUOKA 1-40 Gioncho, Hakata-ku, Fukuoka Head office Aerophotograph About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/financial/
Financial Information | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Financial Information Financial Information Contents on page Financial Summary Financial Statements Financial Summary 2019 / 03 2020 / 03 2021 / 03 2022 / 03 2023 / 03 Total Assets （Million Yen） 18,532 19,700 20,806 24,444 27,093 Net Assets （Million Yen） 11,295 12,611 14,408 16,859 18,287 Equity Ratio 60.9％ 64.0％ 69.2％ 69.0％ 67.5％ Net Sales / Ordinary Income Equity / Equity Ratio Financial Statements Balance Sheets Assets 2019 / 03 2020 / 03 2021 / 03 2022 / 03 2023 / 03 Current Assets （Million Yen） 9,814 9,678 11,364 13,200 12,736 Noncurrent Assets （Million Yen） 8,719 10,022 9,442 11,244 14,357 Total Assets （Million Yen） 18,532 19,700 20,806 24,444 27,093 Liabilities / Net Assets 2019 / 03 2020 / 03 2021 / 03 2022 / 03 2023 / 03 Liabilities Current Liabilities （Million Yen） 6,481 5,368 4,887 6,420 7,804 Noncurrent Liabilities （Million Yen） 756 1,722 1,511 1,165 1,003 Total Liabilities （Million Yen） 7,238 7,090 6,398 7,585 8,806 Net Asseets Stockholders’ Equity （Million Yen） 11,171 12,551 14,191 16,594 18,015 Capital Stock （Million Yen） 350 350 350 350 350 Capital Surplus （Million Yen） 176 176 176 176 176 Retained Earnings （Million Yen） 10,646 12,025 13,665 16,068 17,489 Valuation and Translation Adjustments （Million Yen） 123 59 217 265 271 Total Net Assets （Million Yen） 11,295 12,611 14,408 16,859 18,287 Total Liabilities and Net Assets （Million Yen） 18,532 19,700 20,806 24,444 27,093 Statements of Income 2019 / 03 2020 / 03 2021 / 03 2022 / 03 2023 / 03 Net Sales （Million Yen） 18,514 18,783 18,358 22,266 22,774 Operating Income （Million Yen） 2,331 2,353 2,531 3,437 2,184 Ordinary Income （Million Yen） 2,525 2,549 2,757 3,828 2,612 Net Income （Million Yen） 1,616 1,500 1,760 2,583 1,729 About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/philosophy/
AICELLO philosophy | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > AICELLO philosophy AICELLO philosophy MISSION STATEMENT Demonstrate the highest level of commitment as an enterprise Act in unison Make a positive contribution to society through corporate activity MANAGEMENT PHILOSOPHY Mission Statement Make a positive contribution to society through the manufacture of consistently high-quality, low environmental impact products that satisfy the ever-changing requirements of a variety of mission critical industries. Employ motivated people and encourage them to make the most of their abilities. To assemble the right combination of people and find a way to focus the determination and efforts of each individual towards the goal of the company. This involves not only employing highly skilled people but also creating an atmosphere which encourages each person to make the most of their abilities. Approach business with the attitude that less packaging material is more beneficial. We will strive to act responsibly through production of "low-to-non environmental impact products." In order to reach this goal, we will focus on the basics and provide products, systems, and services that are beneficial to society which has minimal impact on our surroundings. Concentrate on niche market products "smaller the market, the better" In order to make a positive contribution to society, focusing on smaller markets presents us with greater opportunities. We continually look for opportunities to develop new markets and strive to become the industry leader. Go to Page Top Realizing the significance of what “True Packaging” is about Aicello’s standard theme in all products is “To Pursue True Packaging” Japanese culture has always seen the importance of valuing and spiritualizing objects as though they have a soul. The same values has held true for many generations in regards to "Packaging". By utilizing and understanding Nature's blessing, we find ways of cleverly maximizing full usage of Nature's materials. We believe that packaging is like the atmosphere that surrounds the Earth. If plastic products are not properly disposed of, they can pose a hazard to the environment. As a company that produces plastic products, we must further consider how we can become a safer and responsible corporation. Aicello's environmentally-conscious corporate policies are based on the following principles: Consider ways to minimize the use of natural resources Reuse products and establish returnable systems Assume an aggressive position on recycling the plastics we manufacture Convert non-recyclable materials into sources of energy when reuse and recycle principles cannot be applied Concentrate research efforts on recyclable products. If new products cannot be recycled, develop products which have little impact as possible on the environment. Commercialize carbon neutral plant derived plastics Aicello’s ultimate goal become a leader in new innovative packaging and to seek out “True Packaging” About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/behavioral/
Principles of Behavior | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Principles of Behavior Principles of Behavior Keeping Integrity We will abide strictly by all laws, regulations and corporate rules, both domestically and abroad, and will take strict action to rectify any violation from such, as well as to prevent its reoccurrence. We will take responsibility for our role within the company, and will strive to educate ourselves and do the utmost to improve business results. We respect the human rights of stakeholders who are affected by our corporate activities, and do our best to effectively abolish child labor and eliminate forced labor. Respect for Originality We will always make sincere efforts to judge every idea from a fundamental standpoint, and will strive to create products that express great originality. Training of Employees We will make efforts to hand down Aicello’s unique technologies and develop them, while training our staff to ensure that the wealth of knowledge can be utilized by the next generation of unique individuals. We will support each member of our staff in their personal development, and will provide opportunities for staff to express their abilities. Creation of an Environment that Facilitates Self-Realization We will respect the individual personalities and diversity of all employees, and will strive to create an energizing work environment in which employees can communicate freely and actively. Harmony with the Environment We will work towards reducing the burden on the environment at all levels of our products’ lifecycle, by promoting resources and energy saving, reducing waste, and eliminating of harmful substances. Sound Social Behavior We will not provide unjust payoffs to politicians or local governmental organizations, in order to maintain a sound, transparent relationship with them. We will never associate with antisocial groups, which may threaten social order or safety. Comply with laws and regulations concerning bribery. Money and goods, entertainment does not have the relations of convenience or other payoffs at all for the purpose of obtaining an unjust profit for a public employee or the person of the viewpoint to follow it and a person of post of the private business partner regardless of the Japan inside and outside. Mutual Beneficial Business Partnership With an appropriate understanding of market requirements, we will take our role as a technology development corporation, and work in partnership with our customers to develop high added value and quality products. Based on fair trade agreements, we will facilitate communication and build trusting relationships with our business partners, with the intention of benefiting both parties. Protection of Information We will strive to ensure that our own confidential information, business information relating to other companies, or information relating to individuals will not be compromised. Protection of Corporate Assets We will manage our corporate assets with the utmost care and will manage them efficiently in order to ensure maximum value. We will strive to expand our intellectual property with the intention of facilitating sustainable development of our business. About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/history/
Aicello History | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Aicello History Aicello History 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - 1933 Apr SHINJI MAKINO develops an interest in cellophane packaging, a cutting edge technology at the time, and founds the MISUZU CELLOPHANE Company. 1948 Apr The AICHI CELLOPHANE is established in Nagoya and with starting capital of 5 million yen cellophane production begins. 1949 Mar AICHI CELLOPHANE begins full production of cellophane. Aicello brand's regular cellophane (PT) is sold as flat sheets (90cm x 100cm). Production and sales of yellow cellophane (PC) begins. Aicello brand cellophane film 1955 Oct MISUZU CELLOPHANE begins production of polyethylene film “SUZULON” Food packaging applications using “SUZULON” 1961 Sep AICHI CELLOPHANE begins production of PVA film. The water-soluble film, named “SOLUBLON®” is developed and provided to the powder detergent industry. 1962 Jan A blow-molding machine is installed for the first time in Japan and MISUZU CELLOPHANE begins production of plastic containers. 1963 Jun AICHI CELLOPHANE and MISUZU CELLOPHANE merge to become the AICELLO CHEMICAL CO., LTD. 1965 Feb Rotation molding is introduced at the Toyohashi plant. 1966 VINYLON FILM is developed as the perfect packaging material for textiles. Garment packaging applications using “VINYLON FILM” 1968 Jun The first branch office is opened in the city of Shizuoka. 1969 Dec The world's first corrosion inhibiting packaging film, “BOSELON®” is created. Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film “BOSELON®” 1970 Nov In response to the pollution problems plaguing cellophane production, and to be a good societal citizen the Nagoya plant is voluntarily closed. 1973 Jun In order to maintain Aicello as both the technology and quality leader new Quality Assurance Policies, Technology Development Programs are drafted. 1975 Oct “AFFTY”, a film designed to fuse materials together is developed. 1976 Mar The Tokyo Sales Office, Sayama City Service Center is established. 1978 Mar “SAVONNER” film soap is developed. It is initially marketed as a corporate novelty gift item. Film Soap "SAVONNER" 1979 Nov Screen-printing film is developed and is first unveiled at the Screen Print Exhibition 79 held in the United States. Aicello series Photosensitive film for screen printing 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History 1933-1979 1980-1999 2000- Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/environment/
Quality / Environment | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Quality / Environment Quality / Environment Contents on page Quality Management Policy Environmental Management Policy ISO 9001 & ISO 14001 Quality Management Policy In order to meet our customers' demands for quality, delivery date, price and continue to offer reliable products, Aicello outlines the quality policy as follows. We are committed to innovation and improvement of our technical capabilities. We strive to make products with unprecedented quality that meet our customers’ requirements. We do not allow minor issues to stay unresolved. We strive to resolve issues quickly through collaboration across organizational boundaries. We work to eliminate unnecessary work in all operations, and reduce costs. Each of us strives to improve the quality of ones operations, become aware of their roles and importance of their duties. We continually review the effectiveness and efficiency of our operations, and continually improve our Quality Management System, in response to changes in our internal and external environments. Environmental Management Policy AICELLO CORPORATION identifies environmental conservation as one of our key business challenges. We will contribute towards a sustainable society through design and manufacturing technologies of environmentally-friendly products, in accordance with the following policies. We comply with legal and other requirements relating to the environment. We thoroughly manage substances which may adversely impact the environment to supply safe products. We are committed to a low-carbon society by using energy, materials, and other resources efficiently. We actively provide environmental education and activities to raise the environmental awareness of each employee. We set goals and objectives in order to achieve our Environmental Management Policy, and strive for continuous improvement of our Environmental Management System. Go to Page Top ISO 9001 & ISO 14001 ISO 9001 certification Acquisition certification of ISO 9001 Certificate Granted : January 23rd, 1998 Certificate Number : 0076878 ISO 14001 certification Acquisition certification of ISO 14001 Certificate Granted : October 27th, 2000 Certificate Number : 0076877 Approval Area Development, manufacture and management of manufacture of polyolefin-based films and converted products, blow molded polyolefin-based containers, PVAL-based films and converted products, corrosion inhibiting films and converted products. Approved Locations HEAD OFFICE & FACTORY, AICELLO LOGISTICS CENTER, TOKYO SALES OFFICE, YOKOHAMA BRANCH OFFICE, KITAKANTO SALES OFFICE, HAMAMATSU SALES OFFICE, NAGOYA SALES OFFICE, SUZUKA SALES OFFICE, OSAKA SALES OFFICE, FUKUOKA SALES OFFICE Certification Body LRQA Limited Accreditation Organization UKAS About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/movie/
Corporate Profile Movie | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Corporate Profile Movie Corporate Profile Movie Watch full video Contents on page Opening & Introduction Management philosophy born from history Products Environmental Policy Global Network & Ending Opening & Introduction Management philosophy born from history Products BOSELON CleanContainers HYPERCLEAN™ Films & FINEBAGs SOLUBLON SUZULON L Challenge to develop new technologies：FIXELON® & SO Sheet Environmental Policy Global Network & Ending About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/solublon/
Innovation in water soluble film technology | Solublon Mission Philosophy Global Structure Creation Movie Usefulness Your Needs Contact Us AICELLO Solublon in Society Contact Us Solublon has the following approval marks. AICELLO offers several film grades that meet Safer Choice criterion and thereby can be listed in CleanGredients. LICENSE NUMBER:9-2921-19-100-00 ‘Check our progress at Member - AICELLO CORPORATION - Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) ’ Mission Corporate Environmental Consciousness With all of our members working together, we at AICELLO take a sustainable environment as our highest priority, and guiding principle while striving to create a harmonious society based on mutual trust with our customers, business partners, and local communities. As part of that effort, we are committed to creating compatibility between sustainable plastic products and the global environment through innovation, compliance with latest environmental regulations, consistent resource conservation, reuse and recycling and active utilization of carbon-neutral resources. Solublon Environmental Consciousness A belief in environmentalism is at the core of our Solublon product development, production, and sales activities. Efforts continue to be made to maximize the use of every possible eco-friendly element, including thorough implementation of the 3Rs (Reduce/Reuse/Recycle)+Renewable, as well as reduction in energy consumption in production activities, drastic reduction in water use and wastewater generation, and active adoption of carbon-neutral resources. Philosophy 01 Dialogue Our business attitude will center on interaction and dialogue with our customers. 02 Support We will provide customer support by supplying the highest-quality products, while maximizing use of sustainable components. 03 Solution We will provide solutions overcoming current challenges to meet the long term packaging goals set by our customers. Global Structure Japan USA Canada Europe China Previous China Aicello(Shanghai)Trading Co.,Ltd Location Shanghai/Guangzhou, China Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area China Production & Processing ー Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse Local Warehouse Japan Aicello Corporation Location Toyohashi,Japan Sales & Marketing Headquarter Global Strategy Center Japan Domestic Sales Asia Oceania Direct Exporting Sales Responsible Area Global Production & Processing Cast & Blown Film Production Bag Making Printing Technical Activity Global R&D Technical Support Warehouse Exporting Center Domestic Delivery USA Aicello America Corporation Location New Jersey, USA Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area North America South America Production & Processing Local Slitting Operation Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse 2 Local Warehouses Canada Aicello North America Location Vancouver, Canada Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Logistical Services Responsible Area North America South America Production & Processing ー Technical Activity ー Warehouse ー Europe Aicello Harke GmbH Location Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area Europe, Russia. & Africa Production & Processing Local Slitting Operation Contract Packaging(HPS) Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse Local Warehouse China Aicello(Shanghai)Trading Co.,Ltd Location Shanghai/Guangzhou, China Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area China Production & Processing ー Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse Local Warehouse Japan Aicello Corporation Location Toyohashi,Japan Sales & Marketing Headquarter Global Strategy Center Japan Domestic Sales Asia Oceania Direct Exporting Sales Responsible Area Global Production & Processing Cast & Blown Film Production Bag Making Printing Technical Activity Global R&D Technical Support Warehouse Exporting Center Domestic Delivery USA Aicello America Corporation Location New Jersey, USA Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area North America South America Production & Processing Local Slitting Operation Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse 2 Local Warehouses Canada Aicello North America Location Vancouver, Canada Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Logistical Services Responsible Area North America South America Production & Processing ー Technical Activity ー Warehouse ー Europe Aicello Harke GmbH Location Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area Europe, Russia. & Africa Production & Processing Local Slitting Operation Contract Packaging(HPS) Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse Local Warehouse China Aicello(Shanghai)Trading Co.,Ltd Location Shanghai/Guangzhou, China Sales & Marketing Goods Importing Regional Marketing & Sales Logistical Services Responsible Area China Production & Processing ー Technical Activity Local Lab Facility Technical Support Warehouse Local Warehouse Next Solublon in Society Creation Movie The artists express the world-view of Solublon with sound & visual. Usefulness Previous Unit Dose Detergent Packaging (Liquid/Powder) Laundry or dish detergent is packaged in single use units. This highly convenient product makes detergent measuring unnecessary and leaves hands free of detergent. Solublon is used to wrap either liquid or powder detergent. In recent years, Solublon has come into wide use not only in the U.S. and European markets but in Japan, China, and Asia as well. Detergent Packaging (Tablets) Solublon is used to package tablet-shaped detergent products mainly for dishwashing usage. There is no need to open or throw away detergent packaging. Simply toss a detergent tablet into dishwashing machine as is. In contrast to liquid or powder packaging, tablets feature in terms of the manufacturing way is high speed shrink wrapping. Agricultural Chemical Packaging Solublon can be used to package safer, easily-dosed agricultural chemicals in fixed-quantity bags, making adjustments of spray solutions safe and convenient eliminating contaminated secondary packaging. Agricultural chemical packaging is used worldwide, and is one of the oldest uses of Solublon. Hospital Laundry Bags Solublon bags are used in linen collection and washing systems employed at medical facilities. Since it is not necessary to open the bags even once during the process from collection to washing, the spread of viruses and germs can be prevented in hospitals and laundry facilities. These bags have also been a part of coronavirus control measures implemented at medical facilities. Ostomy Pouches Ostomy (stoma) flushable pouches that make use of Solublon’s warm water solubility are also utilized in products. The unique characteristics of the pouches enables them to be flushed down the toilet along with bodily wastes, which helps to reduce the burden of ostomy patients as well as their packaging waste. Concrete Reinforcing Material Solublon is used to effectively inject reinforcing material into concrete. When dispensed into a concrete mixing tank, the Solublon dissolves, dispensing the reinforcing material throughout the mixture. Hard Surface Cleaner Water-soluble packaging is used for concentrated detergents utilized in building maintenance, home flooring, and glass cleaning. Toilet Blocks Water-soluble films have been used for this purpose for many years. This highly convenient product is packaged using a water soluble film, which keeps the cleaning agent from the direct contact to your hands. Next 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 0 1 / 0 8 Your Needs Application Liguid Grade G series P series Liquid + Powder Grade G series P series Powder Grade G series P series K series C series E series Tablet Grade C series Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Liquid Grade G series P series Liquid + Powder Grade G series P series Powder Grade G series / P series K series / C series VFFS Application Liquid Grade G series P series Powder Grade G series / P series K series / C series E series Horizontal Pillow Application Tablet Grade C series Application Liquid Grade G series Gauge (micron) 75/90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Application Liquid Grade P series Gauge (micron) 60 / 75 / 90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Application Liquid + Powder Grade G series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Liquid Detergent / Powder Detergent / Other Liquid Product Application Liquid + Powder Grade P series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Liquid Detergent / Powder Detergent / Other Liquid Product Application Powder Grade G series Gauge (micron) 40 / 50 / 60 / 75 / 90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Application Powder Grade P series Gauge (micron) 40 / 50 / 60 / 75 / 90 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Application Powder Grade K series Gauge (micron) 30 / 40 / 50 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Application Powder Grade C series Gauge (micron) 30 / 40 / 50 Packaging Method Thermoforming / VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Application Powder Grade E series Gauge (micron) 30 / 50 Packaging Method VFFS Sealing Method Heat Sealing Soluble from >70℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Other Powder Product Application Tablet Grade C series Gauge (micron) 28 Packaging Method Horizontal Pillow Sealing Method Heat Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Tablet Detergent / Toilet Block / Other Solids Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Liquid Grade G series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Liquid Grade P series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Liquid + Powder Grade G series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Liquid Detergent / Powder Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Liquid + Powder Grade P series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Liquid Detergent / Powder Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Powder Grade G series / P series Gauge (micron) 40 / 50 / 60 / 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Packaging Method Thermoforming Application Powder Grade K series / C series Gauge (micron) 30 / 40 / 50 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Packaging Method VFFS Application Liquid Grade G series Gauge (micron) 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method VFFS Application Liquid Grade P series Gauge (micron) 60 / 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Liquid Detergent / Other Liquid Product Packaging Method VFFS Application Powder Grade G series / P series Gauge (micron) 40 / 50 / 60 / 75 / 90 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Transparent & Glossy Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Packaging Method VFFS Application Powder Grade K series / C series Gauge (micron) 30 / 40 / 50 Sealing Method Heat Sealing / Wet Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Agricultural Chemical / Other Powder Product Packaging Method VFFS Application Powder Grade E series Gauge (micron) 30 / 50 Sealing Method Heat Sealing Soluble from >70℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Powder Detergent / Other Powder Product Packaging Method Horizontal Pillow Application Tablet Grade C series Gauge (micron) 28 Sealing Method Heat Sealing Soluble from >1℃ Appearance Translucent Common Application Tablet Detergent / Toilet Block / Other Solids Product The best product for your selection will be displayed 8 functions of Solublon Water Soluble Cold,warm and hot water soluble grade are available. Solvent Resistant SOLUBLON® prevents many organic solvents and natural oils from migrating through the film. Printability SOLUBLON® is easily printed by various methods such as gravure printing / flexographic printing / screen printing. Processability SOLUBLON® offers several grades which are suitable for VFFS / Thermoforming / Flow wrapping machines. 8 functions of Solublon Heat / Water Sealable SOLUBLON® can be sealed with standard hot bar, impulse, water and sonic sealing methods. Excellent Barrier SOLUBLON® is an excellent barrier to odors, bacteria, carbon dioxide, hydrogen and oxygen. The film is readily permeated by moistuer and ammonia. Non-Toxic Based upon analysis by certification/ regulatory agencies, SOLUBLON® has been determined safe and non-toxic. Biodegradable Solublon® has been rated either inherently or readily biodegradable by independent third party OECD301 tests. Contact Us Thank you for your interest into Aicello products. Please fill out the appropriate fields and press the send button at the bottom. This will take you to the confirmation page. Fields marked with [Required] must be filled out. 1 Fill in your information 2 Confirm 3 Send message PAGETOP Mission Philosophy Global Structure Creation Movie Usefulness Your Needs Contact Us AICELLO Solublon in Society ©2021 AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved. privacy policy


 
https://www.aicello.com/aicello-technology/facility/
Development Related Facilities | Aicello Technology | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Aicello Technology Home > Aicello Technology > Development Related Facilities Development Related Facilities Contents on page Accessible Technology Center BOSELON® Technical Center Accessible Technology Center This is a facility for developing products that respond to the needs of customers while conducting open technical communications with customers. It is equipped with various types of equipment to conduct experiments, prototype creation, analysis, and measurement as required for development. 1st Floor Measurement Facility Technician operating analytical instruments Go to Page Top BOSELON® Technical Center This is a dedicated facility for studying corrosion inhibiting packaging specifications and conducting corrosion inhibiting tests. We conduct corrosion inhibiting evaluations together with customers. Aicello Technology Development Related Facilities AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/message/
Message from the President | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Message from the President Message from the President To Create a Sustainable Society Aicello Corporation has grown its business based on the principle of contributing to society through its corporate activities. Ever since it started out as a cellophane seller and eventually became the plastic film and container manufacturer it is now, we have incorporated the three elements of CSR—human rights, labor, and the environment—into our corporate management philosophy. In order to prevent the spread of harm from pollution, we voluntarily closed factory in 1970, a decision symbolic of our continued strict self-discipline, dedication to compliance from the moment we buy from suppliers to the time of purchase by the end consumer and from product development to plant management, and consideration for our customers, society, and the environment. I believe that reducing the impact of plastic on the environment is an important issue to address in order for Aicello to create a sustainable society. We are also raising awareness of the 17 SDGs and expanding and improving our efforts to achieve. We have thought and acted in order to create a sustainable society. Always have, always will. Satoshi Morita Executive President, AICELLO CORPORATION Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/management/
Sustainability Management | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Sustainability Management Sustainability Management Basic Policy Aicello has been practicing its motto and one of the basic principles of sustainability, to contribute to society through its corporate activities, in its economic and social pursuits with the goal of creating a sustainable and prosperous society, and respects the Charter of Corporate Behavior issued by the Japan Business Federation (Nippon Keidanren). ・ We will contribute to solving social issues through the business (products). ・ We will strive to increase our corporate value sustainably while prioritizing the employees' happiness foremost. ・ We will practice management in a fair and highly transparent manner with the aim of gaining the trust of all stakeholders. Contributing to Solving Social Issues through the Business (Products) We will continue to provide products that are friendly to people and the environment while pursuing the essence of social issues, as saying "Less packaging material is more beneficial." Clean Containers Clean containers maintain a high level of cleanness while protecting their contents. They contribute to improving the performance (energy efficiency) of semiconductors and other materials and the yield during manufacturing. Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film This prime example of resource-efficient packaging protects the customers' precious products from rust just by covering them, making corrosion inhibiting packaging a reality. PVA Film This film is used in many different areas, including detergents, medical service, agriculture, biochemistry, and dyes. When it is used for wrapping detergent containers, this water soluble film helps prevent too much detergent from being poured and makes it possible to save water through detergent concentration and reduce the amount of energy used during transportation. When it is used for laundry bags, it helps to limit infections in hospitals, including those of COVID-19. Our water-soluble PVA film contributes to society. Clean Bags Made using our advanced processing technology and vetted through our strict quality control, our clean bags protect their contents, improve yield, maintain quality, reduce waste, and improve the convenience and safety of our users who need a container for materials with many different functions. Thermo-Adhesive Film This adhesive film can be used for resin, metals, and other materials that are difficult to apply adhesives to. It not only improves the work environment for applying adhesives to materials of different types, but it makes it possible to separate them easily when disposing of them and will reduce the environmental burden. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/
Environment | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment Environment Aicello is always making serious efforts to tackle environmental issues, and all of our employees are working together with the goal of creating a society where we can coexist with mutual trust with our customers, business partners, and local communities. If we make the smallest mistake in the way they are treated, the plastics we sell can cause environmental pollution. For that reason, we believe now is the time to humbly and carefully consider what we have to do and take action. Through that, we wish to develop plastics as an important fruit of civilization. With that goal in mind, we will strive to achieve harmony between plastic products and the global environment based on the following principles. 1\. First, pursue ways to minimize the consumption of natural resources 2\. Reuse products and establish returnable systems 3\. Reuse and recycle the plastics we manufacture 4\. Convert non-recyclable materials into sources of energy when reuse and recycle principles cannot be applied 5\. Develop products with little adverse effect on the environment, such as biodegradable products, for applications where there is a risk of environmental damage. 6\. Commercialize carbon neutral and plant derived plastics Environmental Policy Aicello Corporation recognizes that efforts toward environmental conservation are an important part of our business and contribute to the creation of a sustainable society through our environmentally friendly product designs and manufacturing technologies while following the following policy. 1\. Adhere to laws, regulations, and other requirements concerning the environment. 2\. Throughly manage materials that have a negative impact on the environment, and supply safe products. 3\. Promote the effective use of energy, materials, and resources, and strive to create a decarbonized society. 4\. Actively provide educational and awareness raising campaigns regarding the environment and raise each employee's awareness of the environment. 5\. Establish environmental goals and in order to follow the environmental policy and have the company work as a whole to continuously improve the environmental management system. Decarbonization Efforts Information on our decarbonization efforts are as follows Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting We practice environmental accounting based on the guidelines by the Ministry of the Environment. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/
Society | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society Society Human Resource Training Diversity Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/governance/
Governance | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Governance Governance Contents on page Mission Statement Management Philosophy Governance System External Evaluation Risk Management Mission Statement Demonstrating the Highest Level of Corporate Functions A declaration that as an organization conducting economic activities in pursuit of profits continuously and systematically, we are improving our abilities and technologies and promoting business through responsible behavior. In addition, the company's highest priority is to contribute to society in any way possible, and we are determined to do our utmost to that end. Act as a Whole Company Word advocating the president and all company employees working together. When all of our employees work with their mind as one, a strong bond is formed and becomes the foundation of Aicello's prosperity. And although the meeting with people in Aicello itself can be a coincidence, it is no exaggeration to say that there was some kind of connection there. That is when a bond is formed at Aicello. Make a Positive Contribution to Society through Corporate Activity We declare that as a company that manufactures goods, we will contribute to improving culture and lifestyles, in addition to serving the country. Management Philosophy This is where Three Principles of Aicello were born. 1970 was the year we stood and think from the start for everything. It was a year of hardships, when a new Aicello was born from the crossroads of life and death. Manufacturing of cellophane—our primary product on which we pinned our dreams since our foundation—was suspended, and sales fell by 50%. We determined that it was impossible to completely erase the pollution caused by our production of cellophane with our technology at the time and voluntarily closed our factory in order to solve the growing issue of pollution. What is a company? What is management? What is a company's responsibility to its customers? What is a product's responsibility? During that predicament, we believed that the goal of a company was not to pursue profits, and everything started from "fulfilling the true role to the customers" and "how we can fulfill it." That was when the three principles were born. Dedication to a Specialization "Dedication to a specialization" is a way for an employee to pursue success in a specialty by showing strong will and dedication to a craft. This is Aicello's philosophy on personnel development - hoping that each employee will grow, become a leader in their field, and shine during the right moment. Concentrate on niche markets, "The smaller the market, the better" In order to make a positive contribution to society, we should focus on smaller markets, which present us with greater opportunities. We aim to use our abilities and explore new markets and strive to become the industry leader in not just Japan, but the entire world. Anyone can enter an area with a larger market, but the competition over the market share is intense. Still, the competition brings more benefits for larger players. What can Aicello do to emerge victorious, considering the size of the company? Then we came up with the idea that, the smaller the market, the better, a reverse thinking. Using our technological capabilities and creativity, we target smaller markets that large companies cannot enter where we create products full of originality that make customers very happy, even if they are a few. For that reason, it is essential to have endless creativity and youthful energy. "Less packaging material is more beneficial" The environment can't be sold. We work earnestly at all times, our highest priority being to never harm society no matter what age it is. In order to reach this goal, we will focus on the basics and provide products, systems, and services that are truly beneficial to society. Packaging is thrown away eventually. It is better not to, when possible, or to fulfill the smallest necessary roles, such as protecting products or providing peace of mind. This is Aicello's basic principle on packaging. In all of our corporate activities and product development, we begin with this principle and think about what is truly necessary from scratch with the hopes of creating products that are truly useful to the world. Governance System Coming soon. External Evaluation Aicello Group receives external sustainability evaluations from EcoVadis and uses them to improve our initiatives regarding the environment, labor practices, human rights, ethics, and sustainable material procurement. Risk Management Aicello has a risk management committee comprised of the directors and executive officers. It is a system to ensure that the business continues and develops in a stable manner by putting in place appropriate measures against various risks including economic loss, interruption or suspension of business, damage to the company's credibility or brand image, and anything that prevents the company from fulfilling its management policy, company philosophy, or management strategies. AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/social_contributions/
Social Contributions | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Social Contributions Social Contributions Social contribution activities Every year, Aicello takes part in the Asakuragawa 530 Contest, which gathers a large number of local businesses, students, and other volunteers who do a cleanup along the Asakura River. Asakuragawa 530 Volunteer Activities Every year, Aicello takes part in the Asakuragawa 530 Contest, which gathers a large number of local businesses, students, and other volunteers who do a cleanup along the Asakura River. Asakuragawa Tree Maintenance Volunteer Activities Every year, Aicello takes part in the Asakuragawa Tree Maintenance Contest and removes weeds and does other maintenance activities in areas with trees planted in order to preserve the Asakura River. Honokuni Marathon Volunteer Activities We performed reception work and helped supply water at the Honokuni Toyohashi Half Marathon held in March 2022 in Toyohashi City. Business Park The Business Park started in 2008 in Toyohashi City, Aichi Prefecture, where our headquarters are located. The event gathered private businesses, government bodies, and other organizations who went to middle schools, high schools, and vocational schools in the city to teach children about local companies, the job of the people who work there, and the significance of their jobs. Aicello has participated in this project for every year and given lectures and talks on our SDGs initiatives including the 3R promotion activities. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/metrics/
Sustainability Metrics | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Sustainability Metrics Sustainability Metrics Energy Consumption FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Total energy consumption(GJ) 302,544 308,803 302,276 Total renewable energy consumed (GJ) \- \- 4,872 Greenhouse Gas & Reduction Targets GHG Emissions FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Total gross Scope 1 GHG emissions (t-CO2eq) 5,800 5,899 6,138 Total gross Scope 2 GHG emissions (market based) (t-CO2eq) 8,581 8,837 7,982 Total gross Scope 3 GHG emissions (t-CO2eq) 134,541 150,712 139,878 Total gross Scope 3 Upstream GHG emissions (t-CO2eq) 82,958 89,125 82,256 Total gross Scope 3 Downstream GHG emissions (t-CO2eq) 51,584 61,588 57,622 GHG emissions reduction targets Reduce total Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% and the Scope 3 emission intensity by 25% or higher by 2030 Aim to be carbon neutral by 2050 *emission intensity = amount of emissions / sales in weight Water FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Total water intake (tons) 206,782 195,416 192,114 Total weight of pollutants emitted to water (tons) 16.4 6.4 12.1 *Head Office Well water pumped ＋ Purchased water supply Career Management and Education FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Average training hours per employee \- \- 27.11 Diversity FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Percentage of women employed 22.60% 23.20% 23.60% Percentage of female managers Manager Level : 11% Department Manager Level : 4% Manager Level : 8% Department Manager Level : 7% Manager Level : 9% Department Manager Level : 8% Percentage of women in top executive positions (excluding boards of directors) \- 0% 7% Percentage of women within the organization’s board \- 7% 0% Raw materials, Chemicals, Waste FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Gross weight of hazardous waste discharged (tons) 11.7 15.2 9.04 Total weight of non-hazardous waste discharged (tons) 467 314 261 Total weight of manufacturing material losses collected and reused (tons) 793 888 697 Total weight of recycled or renewable raw materials used (tons) \- \- \- Safety and Health FY2020 FY2021 FY2022 Head office Corporate Head office Corporate Head office Corporate Lost time injury severity rate (Note 1) 0 0 0 0 0 0 Lost time injury frequency rates (Note 2) 0 0 0 0 0 0 Incident rate of accidents without workdays lost (Note 3) 5.7 5.0 6.4 6.7 4.2 3.7 Note: This shows the severity of the calamity, expressed in man-days lost per 1,000 hours worked. Severity rate = Number of working days lost / Aggregate man-hours actually worked x 1,000 This shows the frequency of work-related calamities, expressed in number of casualties for every 1,000,000 working hours. Frequency rate = Number of deaths and injuries from industrial accident / Aggregate man-hours actually worked x 1,000,000 This shows the number of people injured or sick due to lost-workday injuries (work-related injuries or illnesses that occur on the job and are treated by a doctor and do not result in a day of absence from work on the day following the day of the injury) per 1 million total actual working hours. Incident rate of accidents without workdays lost = Number of the victims of accidents without workdays lost/ Total actual working hours × 1,000,000 Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/group/japan/
Japan | Aicello Group | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Aicello Group Home > Aicello Group > Japan Japan Contents on page AICELLO PACK CO., LTD. A-TECH CO., LTD. FINE PLUS CO., LTD. AIA CO., LTD. NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD. AICELLO HOLDINGS CO., LTD. AICHI-SENI CO., LTD. AICELLO PACK CO., LTD. Business Description VCI FILM manufacturing, clean film manufacturing Printing, bag conversion, fabrication ADDRESS 5 Ohike, Ichinomiya-cho, Toyokawa City, Aichi 441-1231, Japan TEL 0533-93-2727 A-TECH CO., LTD. Business Description Manufacturing of Polyolefin film ADDRESS 807-9 Kameshiri, Yokota, Hikami-cho, Tanba City, Hyogo 669-3465, Japan TEL 0795-82-7900 FINE PLUS CO., LTD. Business Description Manufacturing, Converting of Polyolefin film ADDRESS 528-1 Fukujima, Ina City, Nagano 396-0001, Japan TEL 0265-72-5171 Go to Page Top AIA CO., LTD. Business Description Designing & manufacturing of machinery and building equipment Development of blow molded related technology Designing & manufacturing of blow molded die Machine and building equipment maintenance Factory equipment maintenance ADDRESS 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi City, Aichi 441-1115, Japan TEL 0532-88-2626 NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD. Business Description Gravure printing Printing, slitting, bag conversion on cellophane, OPP, CPP, nylon, polyester, rice paper Sales of finished products ADDRESS 2-21 Tougan-cho, Nishi-ku, Nagoya City, Aichi 451-0076, Japan TEL 052-531-2521 AICELLO HOLDINGS CO., LTD. Business Description real estate, independent insurance agent, liability car insurance agent, life insurance promotion, related general affair ADDRESS 48-81 Kubota, Oiwa-cho, Toyohashi City, Aichi 441-3134, Japan TEL 0532-41-7922 Go to Page Top AICHI-SENI CO., LTD. Business Description Processing of fiber yarn Sales of multiple would yarn and textile products ADDRESS 48-10 Kubota, Oiwa-cho, Toyohashi City, Aichi 441-3134, Japan TEL 0532-41-7201 URL https://www.aicello.com/aisen/index.html Aicello Group Oversea Japan AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/
Clean Barrier Bottles for Micro-Electronic Chemicals in Semiconductor
Applications Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities
Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact
Us CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES were developed for photo resists and other related
chemistries. What's CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Contact Us Proudly Supporting
Multiple Industries CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are recognized for the product
quality and used in the Semiconductor and critical applications market. Read
more about “Case Studies” Over 30 years Experience in Clean Product Production
Aicello clean technology is a culmination of over 30 years experience in Clean
Product production. We are continually evolving to lead the industry in areas
where our competitors cannot reach. Read more about “Why Choose Us”
Contribution to society as a founding member of SCC As a founding member of
the Semiconductor Climate Consortium, we strive to reduce green house gas
emissions and to build towards a more sustainable society. Read more about
“Why Choose Us” What are CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES? "CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES" is
highly clean multi-functional plastic bottle with Barrier and Light Shielding
Properties. Aicello developed CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE to cater to the photoresist
and related micro-electronic chemicals market. This light weight, durable
highly functional design has many advantages compared to glass bottles.
Industry has adopted CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE for its reliability and safety and
is highly praised by industry. This cutting edge functional designed bottle
has the potential to change the market standard. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Reasons
AICELLO and CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected Advantages Product Features
Functionalities Q&A and Case Studies Case Studies Advantages and Strengths
Reasons Aicello and CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected Aicello takes great
pride in our production which has built the foundation of the Clean Bottle
Production Culture. This is the culmination of Aicello production experience
which cannot be replicated by our competitors. Aicello is always at the
forefront and a leader in industry. 01 Reliable Product Manufacturing Aicello
has over 30 years of Clean Bottle production experience and has been supply
industry with the highest quality product. The production control and quality
technology and standards have gained the trust of industry. Cleanliness,
durability, sealability, barrier properties and light shielding properties all
provide comfort to chemical manufacturers. 02 Ideas which generate Results
Aicello manufactures blow molded bottles, injection molded parts for bottles
as well as Clean films and bags produced by inflation film production. Aicello
has inhouse design capabilites to produce molds and production machines for
bottle production and can support customize unique product development based
upon individual needs. 03 Long Standing Clean Products Culture Our bottles are
manufactured with superior raw materials, customized production machinery and
accurate production control technology. These are the building blocks of the
Clean Bottle Production Culture and the reason Aicello Clean bottles are
relied upon and trusted. See More Advantages Functionalities Multi-Functional
Bottles Meeting Customers Needs Solvent Barrier Properties CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES are manufactured with a barrier material within the bottle wall to
function as a barrier layer against solvent which cannot be done with standard
plastic bottles. As a result, the CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE prevents chemical
weight loss from within the bottle and prevent any unwanted materials from
entering the bottle from the outside. * Unique Functions of CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES Weight Reduction and Increased Durability Clean bottles made from
plastic are light weight, durable and resistant to breakage compared to glass
bottles. Risk from broken bottles due to dropping and causing contamination
and health risks to operators are greatly reduced when using Aicello Clean
Bottles. Light Shielding Properties Some chemicals are affected by UV light.
Photo-sensitive materials such as photoresists require UV shielding
protection. Light shielding Clean Bottles will prevent UV light from affecting
filled chemicals. Content visibility Bottles preventing UV light below 250nm
are also available. Low Residual Bottles Low residual bottles are recommended
for applications of high value products. The inside bottom of the bottle is
convex. This gathers the residuals to the center of the bottle which allows
for a diptube to siphon out as much content as possible to reduce waste. See
More Functionalities Real World Applications Supporting Wide Variety of
Industries 01 Micro-Electronics Use Semiconductor Photoresist (i-Line, KrF,
Immersion ArF), BARC, Low-k, Interlayer Dielectric Materials, Liquid Sealant
CMP Slurry and other Microelectronic Chemicals Flat Panel Display Color
Resist, Black Matrix, Photo Spacer and other chemicals for Liquid Crystal
Displays(LCDs), and OLEDs 02 Phamaceutical and Cosmetic Use Medical
Phamaceutical Additives, Active Phamaceutical Ingredients, Phamaceutical
Intermediates Food and Cosmetics Cosmetic Materials, Food Additives,
Flavorings See More Case Studies Inquries Aicello Global Support Network is
here to support your needs. Aicello is able to support customer inquiries by
applying our knowledge and expertise. We have many years of industry
experience. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with us. Locations Contact
CleanContainers AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,
Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Page top
Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/newsweek20231027/
AICELLO Corporation Published in “Newsweek”. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > AICELLO Corporation Published in “Newsweek”. AICELLO Corporation Published in “Newsweek”. AICELLO Corporation (Representative Director and President: Satoshi Morita, Headquarters: Toyohashi, Prefecture Aichi, Japan, hereafter “AICELLO”) has published in American magazine, “Newsweek” (October 27th 2023), “Newsweek” web site, and “The worldfolio” website. This time is the special content about our exhibit at the microelectronics exhibition, “SEMICON Europa 2023” to be held in München, Germany from November 14th to November 17th 2023. *Newsweek is the weekly magazine that delivers thorough coverage of politics, economics, and international affairs from a global perspective. There are over 50 million subscribers in 59 countries worldwide including Europe, Australia, China, and Japan. “NEWSWEEK” web site News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/semiconeuropa2023/
AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON Europa 2023. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON Europa 2023. AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON Europa 2023. We will be participating in the microelectronics exhibition “SEMICON Europa 2023” to be held in München, Germany from November 14th to November 17th 2023. We will be exhibiting at a booth together with AICELLO-HARKE GmbH※. If you have a chance to visit the exhibition, please stop by our booth. ※AICELLO-HARKE GmbH is a joint venture between HARKE, a German chemical trading company, and us. ※ Also, please take a look at the article about this exhibition that will be published on Newsweek on October 27th. Name: SEMICON Europa 2023 Dates: November 14th~17th 2023 9:00AM-6:00PM (Until 4:00PM in the final day) Venue: Munich Trade Fair (Messe München) Booth Number: 901 (B1 Hall) Exhibited Items: Clean Bottle (CLEANBARRIER™ Bottle, LR Series, Smooth Flow Bottles) Clean Bag (HYPRCLEAN™ MA24・MB22, FINEBAG KA21) Sponsorship: SEMI Europe Booth Contact Information AICELLO CORPORATION Person in Charge: Ito, Hirayama Address: 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Contact: https://www.aicello.com/form/inquiry/input You can get a free one-day admission ticket (44EUR/person) in exchange for the voucher code of this exhibition. If you are interested, please access the above URL. News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20230721/
Price Adjustment Notification | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Price Adjustment Notification Price Adjustment Notification Notice in Regards to (Domestic) Price Adjustment Aicello Corporation is officially announcing a price adjustment for all products produced at all Aicello facilities. Aicello has increased prices mainly due to raw material cost increases which are being passed on throughout the supply chain. In addition to raw material cost increases, Aicello has seen increases in electricity, fuel, transportation and other supplies used in the manufacturing process. Therefore Aicello had made the decision to increase prices for all products in the range of 5-20%. We understand the difficulty that this may pose and we sincerely hope that this important step can be understood and accepted by our valued customers. Aicello will continue to ensure reliable supply and pursue higher quality standards. The sales division and respective representatives will be contacting all customers to clarify the situation. News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Privacy policy Home > Privacy policy Privacy policy We will make every possible effort to ensure the proper handling of personal information on the basis of the following privacy policy (personal information protection guidelines). 1.About the gathering of personal information On this site, personal name, address, phone number, date of birth and other information allowing to identify individuals and the content of the inquiry are gathered if filled from our site inquiry form and sent. 2.The purposes of use of personal information On this site, the personal information gathered is used to answer inquiry content and recruitment as well as providing our company services and guidance. 3.Providing personal information to a third-party In the case of providing personal information to a third-party, the consent of the individual in question shall always be obtained or that individual shall receive a notification or an official announcement in advance that personal information is provided to a third-party. However, if providing personal information to a third-party has been recognized by the laws and regulations in cases it is difficult to obtain the consent and necessary for the protection of human life, health or property, it shall be no more limited to the above-mentioned conditions. Go to Page Top 4.About the modification, removal and destruction of personal information Regarding the personal information owned by our company, data can be modified, updated or deleted when the person itself contact the company. In addition, personal information data no longer needed is destroyed immediately in a proper way after a certain period of time. 5.About the management of personal information Security training is implemented for our company personnel, understanding the importance of the personal information gathered, and paying enough attention when handling it. 6.About access log file Our company is utilizing the access log file (information such as visited pages, access time, place just before accessing the site, etc., and also information including the keywords used for the access from the search engine and others) of customers who visited this site then using it for site management and access circumstances analysis. It is not used to gather information identifying specific individuals. Go to Page Top 7.About links This site contains links to external sites but does not share personal information. Our company does not assume any responsibility for the gathering of personal information on the Websites having links posted on our page so please confirm privacy policies on each of such linked sites. 8.About contact Inquiries about personal information protection policy can be sent to the following. AICELLO CORPORATION Location 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi,Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN TELEPHONE (+81)-532-88-4558 TELEFAX (+81)-532-88-4527 9.About update Documents related to this privacy policy have been updated on March 21, 2006. If there is a modification of the personal information protection policy, it will be notified and posted on the top page of this site. Privacy policy AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sitemap.html
Site map | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Site map Home > Site map Site map About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello History 1980-1999 2000- Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map Go to Page Top Products Go to Page Top Aicello Technology Development Related Facilities Go to Page Top Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Environmental Accounting Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics Go to Page Top Aicello Group Japan Go to Page Top Privacy policy Site map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/
About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/history/1980-1999/
1980-1999 | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Aicello History > 1980-1999 1980-1999 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - 1982 Jul Production begins for medical / pharmaceutical containers. 1983 Oct As the needs of the semiconductor and medical industry become more apparent, production of high purity plastic containers as Clean Bottles begins. Polyethylene base “CleanContainers” for high purity chemicals 1985 Aug In the field of high purity plastic containers, the world's first factory dedicated to the production of Clean Bottles is created. 1990 Jun European sales offices are established in Düsseldorf, Germany. Jul North American subsidiary, AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. established in Vancouver, BC Canada. Chitosan capsules for direct delivery to large intestine Sep Manufacturing facility is established in Malaysia. Oct Photo mask film for sandblast etching, “APM FILM” is developed and unveiled at Germany's GLASTEC90. Photosensitive “APM FILM” specifically developed for sandblasting 1992 Jun An Environmental Management Division is created in order to promote and improve environmental concerns. 1995 Mar Aicello opens an office in Shanghai. Aug Recycling Center begins operations handling not only Aicello's film and bottle products but other industrial waste products as well. 1996 Apr In response to the needs of the Korean semiconductor market subsidiary company, AICELLO MILIM CHEMICAL is established in South Korea. Oct Accessible Technology Center is opened allowing employees from all departments as well as individuals from outside of the company to meet and exchange ideas and information. The first version of the Aicello Company website is set up. 1997 Feb Aicello opens a subsidiary in Thailand, AICELLO THAILAND CO., LTD. Aicello's European office incorporates as AICELLO CHEMICAL EUROPE GmbH. 1998 Jan ISO9002 certification obtained. Mar Chitosan Capsule product is commercialized. 1999 Aug The Nishimikawa sales office is created in Anjo-city, Aichi-prefecture specifically to serve the automotive manufacturers of that area. 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History 1933-1979 1980-1999 2000- Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/about/history/2000/
2000- | About Us | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us About Us Home > About Us > Aicello History > 2000- 2000- 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - 2000 Jul BOSELON® Stretch film is commercialized specifically for the steel coil industry's VCI needs. “BOSELON St” for automated coil wrapping machine Oct ISO14001 certification obtained. 2001 Apr The Fukuoka sales office is created in Fukuoka-city, Hakata-prefecture. Sep European sales offices are established in Düsseldorf, Germany. “SOLUBLON®” for liquid detergent packaging 2003 Jul ISO9001 certification obtained. Dec A website dedicated to a single product, the Clean Containers English language website, is established. 2005 Jun The Aicello Malaysia plant begins production of BOSELON® products. The English language website for the HYPERCLEAN™ PE film product is established. Oct ISO14001 certification obtained. Dec The English language website for SOLUBLON® , water-soluble film is established. 2006 Apr AICELLO Logistic Center built on adjoining land located at the eastern part of the main factory. Aug The English language website for BOSELON® , volatile corrosion inhibiting film is established. 2009 Apr Acquisition of Tohcello Hamamatsu operations and assets. 2010 Jul The merger of two companies in China-related companies, SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC PACKAGING CO., LTD. established. 2011 Sep Aicello opens a subsidiary in Indonesia, PT.ACBOS Indonesia. China subsidiary, AICELLO (SHANGHAI) TRADING CO., LTD. established in Shanghai, Chaina. 2012 Apr Aicello opens a subsidiary in USA, AICELLO AMERICA CORPORATION. 2013 Sep Company name changed to AICELLO CORPORATION. 2013 Oct Aicello opens a subsidiary in Mexico, AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.. Aicello opens a subsidiary in India, AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED.. 2020 Oct Aicello opens a subsidiary in Vietnam, AICELLO VIETNAM, CO., LTD. 1933 - 1979 1980 - 1999 2000 - About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello Group Aicello History 1933-1979 1980-1999 2000- Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/approach/
Decarbonization Efforts | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Decarbonization Efforts Decarbonization Efforts Aicello obtained the ISO14001:1996 certification (certification body: JAB, inspection application body: LRQA) on October 27, 2000. Today, there are serious concerns over environmental problems such as the effects of global warming partially caused by the large amount of greenhouse gas emissions resulting from our economic activities. In order to address these environmental problems, Aicello believes it is necessary to make company-wide efforts to conserve energy, limit its greenhouse gas emissions, and actively spread awareness and educate its employees on the environment.Before, we focused on reducing large amounts of waste in order to address environmental problems, and have greatly reduced them as a result of many years of improvements. From now on, we will focus on using renewable energy and conserving energy, striving to create a low-carbon society. At Aicello, we are promoting the Environmental Management System (EMS) and currently actively promoting the reduction of greenhouse gases through the use of renewable energy and energy conservation in order to preserve the environment and develop economically. Compliance with Environmental Laws and Regulations In order to comply with environmental laws, we practice the following: ・ Specification of appropriate environmental laws and regulations ・ Spreading awareness of environmental laws and regulations ・ Formation and implementation of internal rules to ensure compliance with laws and regulations ・ Compliance checks by third parties as part of internal audits Product Safety We have a specialized department monitoring harmful chemical substances that can get mixed in with products and are banned or restricted by laws related to chemical substances both in Japan and overseas. Reducing Greenhouse Gases We have made efforts to reduce Greenhouse Gas (carbon dioxide) emissions, through reduction of items produced through selection and concentration of businesses, relocation of production bases, optimized use of energy (energy conservation), installation of solar panels, renewal of energy facilities, energy conversions, and other activities. Energy Conservation We are engaged in improving production efficiency and reducing loss in our manufacturing department, improving by visualization of energy, switching to LED lighting, practicing EG activity in indirect departments, and other activities. Resource Recycling (Zero Emission Activities) Aicello aims to practice zero emission activities considering the entire process from purchasing materials to emitting waste. We produce products by the Green procurement, classify wastes from the production department and indirect departments, and take things that are difficult to use as resources and use them for sources of energy such as heat. Environmental Conservation in Local Community The Aicello Distribution Center on the east side of our headquarters is equipped with rooftop solar panels, powering solar power generation facilities, addressing the power supply conditions in the local area, and helping reduce the creation of greenhouse gases from generating power. Development of Environmentally Friendly Products Aicello collects materials losses in the manufacturing process and products that can be collected, then recycles and uses them to manufacture new products. Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/accounting/
Environmental Accounting | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Environmental Accounting Environmental Accounting As a manufacturer of packaging materials, Aicello considers expenses used to reduce the environmental load caused by our business activities to be environmental costs, and we include the reduction in environmental load from our activities in our environmental accounting as a substantial economic effect according to the guidelines by the Ministry of the Environment. Contents on page Environmental conservation cost Environmental conservation effect Economic Effects of Environmental Conservation Measures Environmental conservation cost Sites for environmental accounting aggregation Aicello Corporation Head Office Plant and Ina Plant Period covered by environmental accounting March 21, 2022 to March 20, 2023 (FY2022) Accounting unit 1,000 yen Category by Business Activity Cost Category Details of Initiatives Capital Investment Cost Business area costs Pollution prevention costs Sewage, boiler equipment maintenance and management costs, etc. 35,048 37,937 Global environmental conservation costs Solar power generation equipment maintenance and management costs, etc. 0 350 Resource circulation costs Waste recycling and treatment commission costs, etc. 0 19,292 Upstream / downstream costs Green procurement, etc. 0 3,873 Management activity costs ISO14001 management costs, etc. 0 900 Research and development costs Research and development, etc. 0 1,620 Social activity costs Local environmental conservation activities, etc. 0 8 Environmental remediation costs Costs of environmental load of heavy oil boilers used in the past, etc. 0 600 Total 35,048 64,579 Environmental conservation effect Sites for environmental accounting aggregation Aicello Corporation Head Office Plant and Ina Plant Period covered by environmental accounting March 21, 2022 to March 20, 2023 (FY2022) Accounting unit \- Environmental Conservation Evaluation Category Environmental Performance Indicators FY2021 FY2022 Effects of Environmental Conservation Environmental conservation effects by invested resources into business activities Total amount of energy input (GJ) 315,756 307,588 8,167 Input of materials under specific management (t) 15.62 9.04 6.58 Water resource input (m 3 ） 199,122 195,186 3,936 Environmental load from business activities and waste-related environmental conservation effects GHG emissions (t-CO 2 ） 14,725 14,398 327 Emissions and transfer volumes of specific chemical substances (t) 15.62 9.04 6.58 Total emissions from waste, etc. (t) 314 261 54 Total wastewater (m 3 ） 133,602 131,286 2,316 Economic Effects of Environmental Conservation Measures Sites for environmental accounting aggregation Aicello Corporation Head Office Plant and Ina Plant Period covered by environmental accounting March 21, 2022 to March 20, 2023 (FY2022) Accounting unit 1,000 yen Effects Amount Revenue Revenue from the recycling of waste from main business activities and recycling of used products, etc. 25,512 Energy cost reductions from energy conservation activities, etc. -34,680 Waste treatment cost reductions from efficient use or recycling of resources -6,245 Sewage cost reductions from cyclical use of water 23 Total -2,900 Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/training/
Human Resource Training | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Human Resource Training Human Resource Training Training New Employees At Aicello, we provide about two weeks of training to new employees in order to cultivate the knowledge and awareness necessary as a member of society and an Aicello employee. After those two weeks, they go through four months of practical training, then are assigned to a workplace. In order to support their growth, they have about five follow-up training sessions, and we guide them throughout the first year with the cooperation of their workplace and the HR department. Other training Years 3 to 5 training for young employees Years 7 to 9 training for mid-career employees By job type management training, manufacturing training, etc. By purpose safety training, mental health training, personnel assessment training, etc. External seminars attending seminars necessary depending on the type of work Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/diversity/
Diversity | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Diversity Diversity Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan based on the Act on the Promotion of Women's Active Engagement in Professional Life (Women's Active Engagement Act) Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Action plan to enable workers to balance work with raising children and fully take advantage of that ability by creating a work environment where it is easy to work Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/health/
https://www.aicello.com/media/health_management_strategy_map-e.pdf
*Health investment fundamentally corresponds to progress indicators of health investment measures on a one-to-one basis. However, because     "health investment" refers to "indicators of health investment measures" in some cases, the "health investment" shall mean "health investment      related to various effects" in these cases.Health investment  related to various  effects* Introduction of  health information  system Hiring health care  staff (public health  nurses)Lifestyle improvement support Subsidies for as testing and  nutrition monitoring apps and  others Stress check test  expenses Cost of integrated  analysis system with  physical, mental, and  labor information Cost of expanding regular  health checkups and  lifestyle-related disease  checkups Cost of consultation desk service  contract Interviews before and after  returning to work (support for  returning to work) Cost of mental  toughness and  harassment-related  educationMeetings for thinking about  health through food "Healthy food" cooking classes  (subsidies for ingredients) Free seminars and  e-learning and  participation subsidiesNumber of family  participants for workers  who are single or doing  shift work (Increased) Number of health  literacy education  participants  (Increased) Number of participants  and successful persons in  lifestyle improvement  campaigns (Increased) Number of people whose  health tend to worsen  (Decreased) Number of interviews by  specialists Percentage of persons  feel refreshed after  sleep (Increased)Percentage of persons  with higher health  literacy (Increased) Decrease in percentage  of absenteeism  (absence from illness,  taking leave, etc.) Decrease in loss of  productivity from  presenteeism (coming  to work despite being  unwell) Increase in work  engagement  (motivation, sense of  belonging) values Decrease in percentage  with high stress  (mental health)Improvement in  vitality and energy  from maintaining  and improving  health of ten years  aheadDecrease in people  with addictions  (smoking, drinking,  etc.) Percentage of persons  with exercise habits  (Increased) Increase in percentage  of persons continuing  appropriate treatment Increase in persons  with improved sleep  (comfortable sleep) Increased stress  check mental  toughness valuesProductivity (Increased) Increase in workers who  returned to work effectively Decrease in turnover rateChange and challenge  planning (nutrition intake,  quitting smoking, etc.) Awards and prize money for  successes Subsidies for participating  in exercise events and  expenses for award  sponsors Extracting people whose  health tend to worsen Subsidies for interviews  with experts Subsidy for sleep  improvement  seminars EQ training Subsidies for workplace  environment improvement  consultations, etc.Temporary absence  compensation system Added health-related  items to benefits  menuIndicators of health  investment measuresHealth investmentIndicators of changes in  awareness and behavior  among employees and other staffHealth investment effects Health ResourcesSocial value Corporate value Environmental Health Resources Human health resourcesOutstanding and happy company Stress check systemManagement issues  to solve through  health management Indicators of final  health-related targets GLTDIncrease in health maintenance among  working age population (aged 15 to 64) Health information  management system Hiring of public  health nursesExternal consultation  deskPercentage of persons  with high health literacy Work engagementPercentage of persons with  high stress from stress check  tests PresenteeismPercentage of  persons feeling  refreshed after sleep AbsenteeismPercentage of smokers Job satisfactionPercentage of persons  drinking alcohol every day Percentage of persons  working 40 or more  hours of overtimePercentage of persons  continuing appropriate  treatment Acquisition rate of  paid leave takenPercentage of persons  reporting a re-examination  results after regular checkups Percentage of persons  with exercise habitsPercentage of persons  having regular health  checkups Percentage of persons  with worsening healthShort theme-specific  survey system


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/health/
Promotion of Health Management | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Promotion of Health Management Promotion of Health Management Health Management Declaration Aicello aims to be a workplace where employees can work cheerfully and energetically with a healthy body and spirit, and is taking the following company-wide efforts to maintain its workers' health: 1\. Announce the Health Management Declaration in and outside the company 2\. Follow laws and regulations 3\. Implement regular health examinations and maintain a health checkup rate of 100% 4\. Promote health maintenance through hygiene managers and cooperation with specialized organizations 5\. Agree on health goals through dialogs and cooperation between the company and its employees 6\. Understand health-related issues and take necessary measures ・ Specific health guidance ・ Guidance to improve eating habits ・ Measures against passive smoking ・ Measures to prevent lifestyle diseases Organizational Structure The executive in charge of health management promotes health management and collaboration of integrated safety and hygiene manager, health management committee, external consultation desks and occupational physicians and public health nurses to maintain and improve the employees' health. Strategic Health Management Map We promote health management and practice measures related to maintaining and improving health in order to ascertain health issues and solve management issues. Strategic Health Management Map (PDF 0.22MB) Health Management System and Measures 1\. Health Checkup Rate Year implemented Checkup rate FY2018 100% FY2019 100% FY2020 100% FY2021 100% *Excludes those absent for a long period of time, those on leave before or after childbirth, etc. 2\. Stress Check Implementation Rate Year implemented Test take rate FY2018 98.5% FY2019 99.8% FY2020 99.9% FY2021 100% 3\. Interviews by Occupational Health Staff We hold regular interviews with occupational physicians and health staff. 4\. Support for Employees' Families We support our lifestyles of our employees and their families in their work, private, and family lives. We contract occupational health staff from external organizations, have a consultation desk with psychologists who provide on-site interviews and consultations on our employees' work-related and personal worries. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/human-rights/
Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices Ban on Child and Forced Labor Aicello respects human rights as stipulated in the International Bill of Human Rights, ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, and others. In addition, we comply with the laws and regulations of each country and region we conduct business in, respect the principles of human rights, and prohibit all forms of child and forced labor, including slavery and human trafficking. Anti-Harassment Policy Aicello understands that harassment is a serious human rights problem that harms the dignity of our employees and deteriorates the working environment. We do not condone any harassment, and strive to create a safe and comfortable working environment where all employees can mutually respect each other. Create an organization that respects human rights and individuality and accepts the diverse values of individuals. Create a corporate culture that does not allow or condone any harassment. Improve all employees' awareness of harassment and ability to address it. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/white-lgstcs/
White Logistics Movement | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > White Logistics Movement White Logistics Movement Aicello takes part in the White Logistics Movement -Aiming to improve the productivity of logistics and reform work styles- Aicello supports the White Logistics movement being advocated by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism, Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Industry, and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries. We understand that the sustainable and stable maintenance of logistics is a management issue and strive to improve logistics through mutual understanding and cooperation with business partners, logistics businesses, and other related parties in order to increase the productivity of logistics and reform work styles. About the White Logistics Movement The White Logistics Movement* addresses the increasingly serious shortage of truck drivers with the goal of ensuring stable logistics, which is necessary for the people's lifestyles and industries' activities, and contributes to the growth of the economy. The movement aims to increase the productivity of truck transport, streamline logistics, and create a white working environment where it is easy for female drivers and drivers who are 60 or older to work. *White Logistics Movement Portal Site (in Japanese): https://white-logistics-movement.jp/ Voluntary Action Declaration We have issued a Voluntary Action Declaration that contains the following initiatives. Initiative Details ① Proposals and cooperation to improve logistics Have serious discussions with cooperating logistics businesses about reducing standby time and ancillary tasks done by truck drivers, and make necessary proposals about receiving goods. ② Use of pallets and other items Promote pallet transportation to reduce loading and unloading as much time as possible with the aim of reducing work load and handling time to create a logistics working environment where it is easy for female drivers and drivers aged 60 or older to work. ③ Separation of tasks other than driving Seriously discuss consultations from employees about separating driving work from ancillary tasks from logistics businesses. ④ Promotion of written carriage contracts Promote the use of written carriage contracts. ⑤ Consideration of compliance with laws and regulations when choosing businesses to contract Take into account history of compliance with laws and regulations when choosing a logistics business to contract. ⑥ Safety measures when handling cargo Have sufficient safety measures in place to prevent work-related injuries when handling cargo and strive to make improvements and negotiate with business partners when there is dangerous work or safety risks when handling cargo at destinations. Aicello Group actively strives to promote White Logistics and cooperates with logistics businesses to improve the working environment of truck drivers, increase the productivity of truck transport, and streamline logistics. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/governance/sdgs/
https://www.aicello.com/media/aicello-sdgs-e001.pdf
Aicello and SDGs Aicello is growing its business while following the principle of contributing to society through its corporate activities. We keep compliance  in mind in various moments from purchasing, sales, product development and plant operations to continue to be considerate of our  customers, society, and the environment. These initiatives are part of the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals). We updated the  information on how Aicello's business activities are related to the 17 SDGs in "Our past initiatives and expectations for the future." Relevant to SDGs "17 Goals ɾAicello's Approach ɾAICELLO's Initiatives ɾWhat Aicello should do in the future Explanation of each goal of the SDGs "17 Goals Aicello has been doing business mainly in  Japan for 90 years. We also have set up  bases in developing countries to grow our  business alongside the local people. Our  continuation of global business itself  means our commitment to achieve goals.Eliminating All Poverty in the World We are expected to develop products that  contribute to agricultural development,  including new grade of sealant film for food  packaging prevent food loss and packaging  agricultural products made by water-soluble  film. We keep in mind whether our raw  materials, consumables, and other procured  goods have a negative effect on agricultural  production. Our clean products contribute to the manufacturing  of pharmaceuticals and development of medical  equipment. Aicello's plants are controlling  chemical substances appropriately to avoid any  negative effects on society. We continue to  promote health management, raise health and  hygiene awareness through safety and hygiene  activities, and emphasize the health of our  employees and their families. Aicello has an "educational support scheme" that  allows employees to learn foreign languages,  and obtain various certifications, and more. We  have "in-house application scheme" that all  employees are recruited for projects equally and  can take part in. Aicello also takes part in  community educational activities. Aicello  understands that teaching about the SDGs is  also part of its social responsibility. Aicello has been praised for our  initiatives to promote women's  participation and was recognized by  Aichi Prefecture as a certified "Aichi  Company for Brilliant Women."  We have measures to prevent  harassment and continue to maintain a  working environment in consideration of  our employees' health.Eliminating gender discrimination We have reviewed the water facilities and  plumbing in our plants, made efforts to  reuse water, and have drastically reduced  our water consumption. The wastewater  channels are clearly divided into direct  discharge and sewage use, and we have  measures to prevent garbage from being  mixed in with directly discharged  wastewater. We are actively working to use more  sustainable energy by installing solar  power generation facilities and buying  renewable electricity. We think about  energy conservation and use it for  everything from our office devices to  production facilities. We have also  switched to LED lights and cars with low  pollution. Part of our motto is "to act as a whole." The spirit  of knowing each other’ s abilities, understanding  each other, and working together to achieve our  goals has led to respect among Aicello Group  employees around the world. We will overcome  issues such as further improvement of our fair  and impartial personnel evaluation system and  promotion of employment of elderly and people  with disabilities. We take disaster prevention measures and  earnestly strive to make preparations in case of a  disaster. We have worked toward a target of zero  waste emissions for over three decades. We will  continue to contribute to creating safe and livable  towns by managing and reducing our use of  chemical substances, preventing pollution, and  taking part in activities to build better  environments of communities. Aicello promotes smart plants to  improve productivity. We also strive to  create a satisfying work environment by  sharing clear employment conditions,  making an employment environment  free of work-related injuries, maintaining  a performance evaluation system, hiring  elderly and people with disabilities, and  more. We contribute to the development of  electronic devices and automobiles by  making clean products and corrosion  inhibiting film. In production, we actively  incorporate the latest technologies in  the world, strive to continuously  improve quality and productivity, and  value the spirit of research and  development. Aicello strives to reduce fuel loss,  recycle, achieve our target of zero  waste emissions, collect used products  to turn them into products, and develop  products that use biomass. We will  continue to contribute to creating a  recycling-oriented society by promoting  3R+R and providing products with  assured quality. Aicello has decreased its carbon dioxide emissions  through the efforts to conserve resources and energy, use  renewable energy, improve transportation efficiency,  switch company cars to ones that pollute less, make  properties greener, and develop bio-PE products, and more.  We have created a roadmap to decrease emissions by  2030 taking into account our products' contributions, in  order to become carbon neutral by 2050. We have  prepared a business continuity plan in case of a natural  disaster, as part of our initiatives to achieve our targets. Aicello employs wastewater channels that are  clearly divided into direct discharge and sewage  use. We strive to set up and strengthen  measures to prevent raw materials and plastics  from entering rivers. We also actively take part in  river cleanups. We continue to develop products  that do not pollute the ocean, such as our  recyclable clean products, corrosion inhibiting  film, and biodegradable water-soluble film. Aicello uses raw materials that are verified to not  harm forest resources and have reduced paper  and switched wooden pallets with other  materials, among other initiatives. We will  continue our business activities while making  products following the principle of green  procurement, consider the surrounding  environment (plants and animals) when building  new plants and facilities. Aicello's employees know as a matter of  fact that the laws and regulations stipulate  that companies must not engage in  corruption or bribery. Our Behavioral  Guidelines advocate "sincere behavior and  healthy social behavior." We continue to  comply with laws and regulations and  maintain healthy and transparent relations  with society. Aicello Group's Behavioral Guidelines  advocate "mutually beneficial  relationships with business partners."  Aicello strives to build relationships of  trust with business partners in Japan  and overseas so both parties can grow,  and engages in international  cooperation and exchanges.Icons for  each goal Giving everyone enough food to live by  practicing sustainable farming Ensuring everyone has access to equal,  quality education Managing safe water and a sanitary  environmentModern energy sources generated  stably at affordable prices for everyoneEnsuring everyone is healthy and has  access to welfare servicesAdvancing economic growth and making  everyone have satisfying jobs Reducing inequality domestically and  internationally Producing and consuming responsiblyTechnological innovation for developing  a sustainable industry Creating safer towns that are resilient  against disasters Act quickly to reduce climate change and  its effects Protecting and revitalizing land and  forest ecosystemsProtecting the ocean and its resources Collaborating with people around the worldMaking a safe and secure society where  everyone is protected by the law The 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/governance/sdgs/
AICELLO and SDGs | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Governance > AICELLO and SDGs AICELLO and SDGs Aicello's business activities and the 17 SDGs Aicello is growing its business while following the principle of contributing to society through its corporate activities. As explained in the company's history, we follow compliance from the moment we buy from suppliers to the time of purchase by the end consumer and from product development to plant management, and are considerate of our customers, society, and the environment. These initiatives are part of the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals). We have prepared materials on "Our Past Initiatives and Expectations for the Future" with information on how Aicello's business activities are related to the 17 SDGs. Aicello and the 17 SDGs (PDF 1.02MB) We have always and will continue to contribute to solving social issues through our corporate activities. Aicello has identified major social issues. We will announce them soon. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/governance/material/
Material Procurement | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Governance > Material Procurement Material Procurement We provide high quality products and services at competitive prices from Japan to areas all over the world, and will welcome new business partners. Basic Policy Fair and Equal Transactions Based on an Open Door Policy We treat business partners equally regardless of nationality, company size, or whether or not they have a transaction history. We guide transactions using open, fair, and equal evaluations. When choosing a business partner, we take into consideration the partner's quality, prices, delivery date, management reliability, and R&D capabilities. Mutual Trust, Mutual Growth, and Co-Prosperity We aim to build relationships in which both sides can prosper while sharing mutual benefits based on the principle of free competition and mutual trust. Pursuit of Good Partners Aicello has always pursued originality in its technology. We currently have bases all over the world and are expanding our activities. We aim to be good partners in order to create better products. Compliance with the Law and Confidentiality When making purchases, we comply with laws and regulations related to transactions, and we do not disclose any confidential information gained through transactions regarding business or technology to any third parties. Aicello is growing its recycling business as a company aiming for harmony and coexistence with nature. We actively strive to purchase goods that are friendly to the global environment. Green Procurement Initiatives Aicello is growing its recycling business as a company aiming for harmony and coexistence with nature. We actively strive to purchase goods that are friendly to the global environment. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/governance/bribes/
Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Governance > Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Aicello complies with sound social behavior with governments and other organizations according to Aicello Group's Behavioral Guidelines. We prohibit payoffs to government officials or other parties, including those from overseas, with the intention of gaining or maintaining business transactions, obtaining undisclosed information, or any other purpose. We prohibit the offering of gifts or entertainment that go beyond social norms to government officials or other parties, including those from overseas. We prohibit the provision of monetary offerings, entertainment, or gifts through a third party to government officials or other parties, including those from overseas. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/403.html
403 Forbidden | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us 403 Forbidden Home > 403 Forbidden 403 Forbidden The website (URL) you are looking for cannot be found. About Us Message from the President Corporate Outline Financial Information AICELLO philosophy Principles of Behavior Aicello History 1980-1999 2000- Quality / Environment Corporate Profile Movie Access Map Go to Page Top Products Go to Page Top Aicello Technology Development Related Facilities Go to Page Top Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Environmental Accounting Society Human Resource Training Diversity Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance AICELLO and SDGs Material Procurement Bribery and other unfair Prohibition of bribery and other unfair transactions Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics Go to Page Top Aicello Group Japan Go to Page Top Privacy policy 403 Forbidden AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202306/
https://www.aicello.com/media/exeutiveappointment.pdf



 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202306/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.83MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/2023_rally_team_aicello/
https://www.aicello.com/media/presents_2023_team_formation.pdf
           Presents 2023  Team Formation                      ■  2022 Major Results   ・Japanese Rally Championship   JN-1 Class Ranked 1nd       ・FIA World Rally Championship (WRC)       FORUM8 RALLY JAPAN 2022 RC2 Class 4nd （Overall 10 nd）  Rally Team AICELLO announced on February 21th about the 2023 rally entry structure.     Rally Team AICELLO will continue to participate in the Japanese Rally Championship and WRC Rally  Japan with Heikki Kovalainen and Sae Kitagawa.     Rally Team AICELLO will contribute to the development of motor sports and the  automobile industry by   making  smiles on the faces of fans t hrough participating in the rally . ■  2023 Team Formation   ・Team name            Rally Team AICELLO   ・Team owner          AICELLO CORPORATION   ・Team principal         Hironobu Makino   ・Vehicle                SKODA FABIA R5  ・Driver                Heikki Kovalainen   ・Co-Driver             Sae Kitagawa     ■ Participation S chedule   《Japanese Rally  Championship 》  ・Rd.1  February 3-5th    Rally of Tsumagoi 2023                                     (Gunma /Snow)  ※Driver Hironobu Makino   ・Rd.2  March 3-5th       Shinshiro Rally 2023                                      (Aichi/Tarmac )  ・Rd.3  April 14-16th     Tour  de Kyushu 2023 in Karatsu                                      (Saga/Tarmac )  ・Rd.4  May 5-7th      Kumakougen Rally                                      (Ehime /Tarmac )  ・Rd.5  June 9-11th           RALLY TANGO                                      (Kyoto/Tarmac )  ・Rd.6  July 7-9th       2023 ARK Rally Kamuy                                     (Hokkaido /Gravel )  ・Rd.7  September 8-10th      RALLY HOKKAIDO                                     (Hokkaido /Gravel )  ・Rd.8  October 13-15th      High Land Masters 2023                                     (Gifu/Tarmac )  《International Rally 》  ・FORUM8 RALLY JAPAN 2023             November 16 -19th      (Aichi・Gifu/Tarmac)                                          ■  Partners  ・SUMITOMO RUBBER INDUSTRIES, Ltd.    https://tyre.dunlop.co.jp/motorsport/   ・Q’s Planning, LC.      https://www.speed -heart.com/   ・MK KASHIYAMA Co., Ltd.      https://www.winmax.jp/   ・IRS Corporation     https://irs.co.jp/   ・Tsuchiya Decal Industrial  Co., Ltd.     https://www.tsuchiya -group.co.jp/corp/de cal.html   ・CARROSSER Co., Ltd.      https://www.cusco.co.jp/   ・TONE Co., Ltd.    https://www.tonetool.co.jp/   ・LUCK Co., Ltd.     https://www.luck.co.jp/   ・Enable Inc    https://www.enable -os.co.jp/   ・NENC  Co., Ltd.     https://nenc.co.jp/      


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/2023_rally_team_aicello/
「Rally Team AICELLO」 Presents 2023 Team Formation | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > 「Rally Team AICELLO」 Presents 2023 Team Formation 「Rally Team AICELLO」 Presents 2023 Team Formation Rally Team AICELLO announced on February 21th about the 2023 rally entry structure. Rally Team AICELLO will continue to participate in the Japanese Rally Championship and WRC Rally Japan with Heikki Kovalainen and Sae Kitagawa. Rally Team AICELLO will contribute to the development of motor sports and the automobile industry by making smiles on the faces of fans through participating in the rally. Presents 2023 Team Formation (PDF 0.51MB) 「RALLY TEAM AICELLO」Facebook News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221226/
https://www.aicello.com/media/TIME_AICELLO26122022.pdf
VOLODYMYR ZELENSKY & THE SPIRIT OF UKRAINE One-of-a-kind protection  l, 9 999 9 9 9 99 9999 99 99 999 99 9 9 9 9 9 99 9 99999 9 9 9 9 9 9 � "The reputat ion of our  company has preceeded  us and customer satisfac­ tion has been mainta ined."  Satoshi Morita,  President, Aicello Corporation  Every company wants to be the very best it can be. For technolo­ gy-packaging firm Aicello Corporation, the target is to go one step  further, by creating products and customer service that are entirely one  of a kind. A producer of protective packaging for precision technology  manufacturing of process chemicals and components for items such  as semiconductors, the company bases its business model around the  Japanese concept of dantotsu as an essential factor in its growth.  "We have been pursuing niche markets with dantotsu products,  meaning tangible or intangible advant ages over the comp etition that  cannot be replicated," said Satoshi l\!Iorita, presid ent of Aicello. Crea­ ting products to keep th e most precise components uncon taminated  is a delicate task. "Tangible elements are things like product quality,  but intangible elements refer to things like marketing, and business  know-how. Mixing all  these elements into our  business is the dantotsu  concept,"Morita said. ICELLO 


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221226/
Our company has been featured in TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Our company has been featured in TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year. Our company has been featured in TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year. Aicello Corporation [headquarter in Toyohashi-City, Aichi Prefecture, hereafter referred to as Aicello] has been featured in the leading U.S. weekly TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year (December 26, 2022 issue p33). Our president, Satoshi Morita, has been interviewed by the marketing communications agency “Global Kigyo”. As a result of that interview, one of Aicello's marketing strategy, "Dantotsu", was featured. TIME has been one of the most authoritative and informative weekly magazine to what is happening in current affairs, politics, business, health, science and entertainment. It read by 20 million people in 200 countries around the world. Content by Global Kigyo Co., Ltd “TIME (Asia edition) December 26, 2022 issue (p33) (PDF 0.36MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221223/
Our company has been featured in Newsweek’s website "semiconductor report". | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Our company has been featured in Newsweek’s website "semiconductor report". Our company has been featured in Newsweek’s website "semiconductor report". Aicello Corporation [headquarter in Toyohashi-City, Aichi Prefecture, hereafter referred to as Aicello] has been featured on NEWSWEEK's website "semiconductor report". NEWSWEEK is a the leading U.S. weekly news magazine that provides the latest news, in-depth analysis and ideas about international issues, technology, business, culture and politics. It has over 50 million subscribers in 59 countries around the world, including Europe, Australia, China, and Japan. increase. Semiconductor report AICELLO's article: News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleanbag/
Specialized manufacture of CLEAN BAG and CLEAN FILM|Guarantee of particle
level|Low outgas level|Anti-static properties|Outstanding functionality and
stable quality|AICELLO CORPORATION CLEAN BAG Our Products INDUSTRY FUNCTION
News About Us Contact Our Products INDUSTRY FUNCTION News About Us Contact
CLEAN BAG pride CLEAN BAG Excellent Functionality and Quality Click here to
move onto FUNCTION Line-up CLEAN BAG pride MA24 is the only one in the world.
MA24 is the only one product that guarantees its cleanliness and outgas level
in the world. Click here to move onto MA24 details. CLEAN BAG pride HYPERCLEAN
™ ＆FINE BAG Our CLEAN BAG has got two types; clean PE bags and functional PE
bags. Click here to move onto Product Line-up CLEAN BAG pride Let’s Get in
Touch with Us! Need some help? Feel free to contact us. We will get back to
you as soon as possible. Click here to move onto Contact CLEAN BAG pride
Multi-Functional CLEAN BAGs Our clean and functional PE bags are used in
various industries. Click here to move onto INDUSTRY 1 / 5 01 CLEAN BAG Pride
Always the first choice from the customers because of its technology AICELLO
has quality management system that commits excellent cleanliness, and various
grades that apply to standards in each industry. That is why CLEAN BAG is
widely used all over the world. Consistent Manufacturing System Our expertise
extends from the material procurement to the technical knowledge. This makes
it possible to manufacture and deliver our products stably. Quality
Specification CLEAN BAGs have various specifications including particle and
outgas level that are required in semiconductor and electronics field. Some
grades are compliant with pharmacopoeias in several nations. Development
AICELLO has been developing a lot of new grades, based upon customers’
requirements. We are committed to contributing to our customers as their best
partner. 02 Digitize CLEAN BAGs Know-how of clean production. 38 years
Detection limit of metallic element 1 PPT NOTE: Able to measure up single PPT,
but the detection limit depends on elements. NOTE: Results depend on
measurement conditions. Outgas level 0 ng/mg NOTE: Results depend on
measurement conditions. Detection limit of particle level 0.1 µm
Pharmacopoeias 4 Areas NOTE: US, Europe, Japan, and China 03 How to find out
the best grade for your application. Our CLEAN BAG has got two types;
HYPERCLEAN™, super clean PE bags, and FINE BAG, super functional PE bags. We
will suggest the best grade for you. See all Product Based on the INDUSTRY.
What industry are you working on? This link will help you find out the best
grade! Click here. Based on the FUNCTION. What do you need for packaging? This
link will help you find out the best grade! Click here. 04 Contact us. We will
respond immediately. AICELLO as your most reliable partner. That is what we
have been trying to be. AICELLO has a mission that is to “Keep the Original
Quality of the Contents “, and we have been suggesting the best to our
customers for many years. Packaging materials are usually deemed not valued,
but they have a huge influence on your products. We are proud of wrapping your
valuable products and will keep working hard as our your best partner. Have
any questions? Feel free to contact us! Contact 05 News 2022.12.16 Our new
“CLEAN BAG” Website is now available. CLEAN BAG Our Products INDUSTRY FUNCTION
News About Us AICELLO privacy policy © AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights
Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221114/
Our company joins Semiconductor Climate Consortium as Founding Member | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Our company joins Semiconductor Climate Consortium as Founding Member Our company joins Semiconductor Climate Consortium as Founding Member Aicello Corporation [headquarter in Toyohashi-City, Aichi Prefecture, hereafter referred to as Aicello] announced it has become a founding member of the new Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC), a group formed with other companies from across the semiconductor value chain and SEMI , the global industry association representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain. The SCC is the first global collaborative of semiconductor companies focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. “I applaud AICELLO for its commitment to become a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC) and for its continued support of global sustainability efforts,” said Ajit Manocha, SEMI President and CEO. “Individually, SEMI member companies have made tremendous strides on sustainability, but we need to pool industry resources to solve the difficult decarbonization challenges and to meet tracking and reporting requirements across the value chain. The SCC members look forward to defining and prioritizing sustainability goals and to harness the collective energy of the global semiconductor supply chain to create solutions.” About SEMI: SEMI About SCC: SEMI Climate Consortium News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221028/
https://www.aicello.com/media/NEWSWEEK_AICELLO.pdf
CONTENT BY THE WORLDFOLIO Let’s keep on creating new value. AICELLO will continue to create   new value and bring its technology  to the global market.With close to a century of ex - perience, AICELLO Corporation  has remained at the forefront  of the plastic film and packag - ing industry, evolving with the  times over the decades. After  realizing the environmental  impact of its cellophane pro - duction, the company’s core  business shifted to polyethylene  films and bottles in the 1970s,  and that sustainability-led deci - sion has been a driving force of  product and business develop - ment ever since. “While the 17 U.N. Sustainable  Development Goals (SDGs) are  widely known today, AICELLO  has long had a similar sense of  urgency about the environmen - tal impact of our business,” says  company president and CEO Sa - toshi Morita. In fact, Mr. Morita himself  introduced the company-wide  business strategy known as ‘CBS’  (Clean, BOSELON, SOLUBLON)  back in 2008 when he was mar - keting director. “The goal behind  this strategy was to present a  clear way of demonstrating our  core technologies, competitive  advantages, and how we add  value through our manufacturing  activities,” he explains, adding  that this involved scaling down  the company’s product portfolio.“I decided we should con - centrate on our best and most  value-added products: our clean  technology (Clean containers,  HYPERCLEANTM Films), anticor - rosion film (BOSELON), and water  soluble PVA film (SOLUBLON).  These three products became  the focus of our marketing strat - egy, and represented a dramatic  downsizing of our portfolio.” “Our clean packaging technol - ogy is really one of a kind,” he  stresses, adding that huge value  is being created in “supporting the  semiconductor industry through  the high purity process chemical  packaging and manufacturing  equipment parts packaging.” Despite a potential early hit  to profitability in some areas,  the company’s clean technology  goals and vision for semicon - ductor manufacturing, along  with a continued role in the au - tomotive industry, and overseas  growth, made it an astute move,  with success and profitability  maintained through these three  core products. That constant strive for com - petitive advantage is also dem - onstrated through AICELLO’s  concept of Dantotsu , which re -fers to a product or business  model that is one of a kind, or  impossible to replicate. “I believe that the level of sat - isfaction of the customers with  the products or business model –  which ultimately determines the  level of Dantotsu  – also sets each  company’s competitive edge,” ex - plains Mr. Morita. “The differences  that lead to customer satisfaction  indicate not only tangible aspects,  such as product quality, price and  delivery, but also intangible as - pects like business marketing,  production know-how and respon - sibility for the customer needs. It  is important for us to strategically  design Dantotsu  in our business,  and I feel that Dantotsu  should be  a necessary condition for Japa - nese companies to compete in the  global market.” This ability to work on the  international stage is seen as  a valuable opportunity by Mr.  Morita, especially as the Japa - nese working population, and  knock-on spending power, con - tinues to contract. “The shrinking in the domestic  market serves as a catalyst for  expanding overseas, so we have  been employing our most suitable  strategies to expand and introduce  our products to an international  audience. In contrast to a stagnant  domestic market, we are profiting  from overseas markets, which ac - count for 45% of our total sales.  We are aiming to grow our busi - ness even more abroad.” Part of that growing success for  the company has been its water soluble film, which has been widely  used in single unit dose detergents  across China, the U.S. and Europe. “Currently, we are focusing  our efforts on the existing ap - plications of our water-soluble  film,” says Mr. Morita. “Through  our R&D, we are also pursuing  further discoveries for applica - tions of the film, including those  related to the manufacturing of  electronic materials.” Key to the ongoing success of  SOLUBLON is the new factory  that is under construction, one  that will allow production to in - crease and provide stability of  supply as demand grows. Although North America and  Europe play a significant role in  the business strategy, especially  for the BOSELON business, the  needs of loyal customers in the  regional Asian market are also  being well catered to by the  three major locations in Malay - sia, Shanghai and Japan. “The automotive industry  growth in Asia and beyond,  with just-in-time production  as a fundamental requirement,  means geographical proximity is  essential,” states the company  president, eyeing a bright and  clean future ahead.Unparalleled expertise in plastic films and packaging  for the semiconductor and automotive sectors  Since its foundation in 1933, AICELLO Corporation has been an indispensable provider of plastic films and  packaging for global industry.  “We’re a highly  motivated collective  of talented individuals  working together,  striving to overcome  any challenges   that lie ahead.”  Satoshi Morita,   President & CEO,  AICELLO Corp.  CLEANBARRIER™ (CB) Bottles Quality Control: Cleanliness  Measurement New SOLUBLON factory© 2022, Takenaka Corporation


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221028/
https://www.aicello.com/media/TIME_Aicello.pdf
Protecting technology with cleaner care and commitment A commitment to quality control and striving for zero defects from packaging has made Aicello a key player in  the semiconductor industry and a sustainability leader. rita said. “This was in response to the po - llution created through the manufacturing.  Since that time we have been pursuing en- vironmental security, including recycling  and reusing plastics.” That commitment to sustainability  has endured. Contrary to what one might expect from a packa - ging company, Aicello believes “the less packaging the better.” It strives  to create smaller and thinner packaging, improving efficiency. The company’s courage has been rewarded. Restructuring its business  and expanding its product portfolio has  led many semiconductor factories and labs employing Aicello’s clean technolo - gy. Today, Aicello’s portfolio of advanced products  include Boselon, a corrosion-in - hibiting film used to protect a variety of metal parts; Fixelon, a thermoplastic bonding film to join different materials, and Solublon, a water soluble film used  in laundry and dishwasher capsules and  tablets, among others. “As a customer-centric company,” Morita said, “we work from the client’s  side in, instead of the  other way around.”miconductors, and aiming to ensure that intricately crafted products and machinery achieve as close to zero defects from  packaging as possible.   In fact, Aicello is so committed to  protecting the perfect condition of the te - chnology contained within their products,  that they have created a special range  of packaging named D-Zero with that  very goal in mind. Following a successful and sustainable pivot from traditional wrappings, such as cellophane, to light  but tough industrial packaging, the firm  has gone from strength to strength. The company plays a huge role in the semicon - ductor industry, where the tiniest precision components and chemicals require robust  protection.  “There are many processes involved  in the production of semiconductors that  require a wide variety of chemicals. Each process requires contaminant-free high  purity chemicals, meaning that the packa- ging that those chemicals are held in must be super clean,”Aicello President, Satoshi Morita, said. Morita attributes Aicello’s  success to his team’s consistent attention  to detail, commitment to the highest stan - dards for quality, and pursuit of “Dantotsu” – which translates as a one-of-a-kind bu - siness model. Those qualities have prope - lled Aicello from a small company founded in the 1930s in Japan’s Aichi Prefecture toa modern multinational with a presence in global manufacturing and sales markets. This journey began with cellophane wrap manufacturing. But, in 1970, Aicello bra - vely abandoned its most profitable productin order to help the local environment and improve sustainability. “We lost 50 percent  of our sales by making this decision,” Mo- “The circuit line width of a semiconductor  is 1/50,000 of a hair, therefore, such sma- ll amounts of defects or contamination must be controlled on many levels. In the market for PE bottles for high purity che - micals, Aicello is the only company that provides this technology. This is how we support society through our products.” Satoshi Morita,  President, Aicello Corporation Rally Team AICELLO Even the most powerful devices and the  most innovative products need to be  handled with the most delicate touch. This  is where Japanese tech-packagin g firm  Aicello has been excelling for decades  – protecting high-purity chemicals for se- 


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20221028/
Our company has been featured in "NEWSWEEK" and "TIME". | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Our company has been featured in "NEWSWEEK" and "TIME". Our company has been featured in "NEWSWEEK" and "TIME". Aicello Corporation [headquarter in Toyohashi-City, Aichi Prefecture, hereafter referred to as Aicello] has been featured in the leading U.S. weekly magazines（"Newsweek” [international edition, October 21, 2022 issue P.56-57] and “TIME” [Asia edition, October 3, 2022 issue p46]) . "Newsweek” [international edition] Our president, Satoshi Morita, has been interviewed by the prestigious media agency “The Worldfolio”. The content was featured in “Newsweek” [international edition] and on the website of The Worldfolio. NEWSWEEK is a the leading U.S. weekly news magazine that provides the latest news, in-depth analysis and ideas about international issues, technology, business, culture and politics. It has over 50 million subscribers in 59 countries around the world, including Europe, Australia, China, and Japan. increase. "Newsweek” (international edition) October 21, 2022 issue (P.56-57) (PDF 1.02MB) "The Worldfolio” website “TIME” [Asia edition] Our president, Satoshi Morita, has been interviewed by the marketing communications agency “Global Kigyo”. The content was featured in “TIME” [Asia edition] and on the website. TIME has been one of the most authoritative and informative weekly magazine to what is happening in current affairs, politics, business, health, science and entertainment. It read by 20 million people in 200 countries around the world. “TIME (Asia edition) October 3, 2022 issue (p46) (PDF 0.62MB) Protecting technology with cleaner care and commitment Content by Global Kigyo News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202207/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news-e20220701.pdf
45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toy ohashi, Aichi Japan  441-1115  Tel:(81)532-88-4558   Fax:(81)532-88-0240   July. 1, 2022  Announcement of Executive Appointments  Aicello Corporation wo uld like to announce new le adership structure as follows. This changes  were approved at Aicello’s Ordinary General  Meeting of Shareholde rs and the Board of  Directors Meeting held on June 14, 2022.  We would greatly appreciate your  continued support to Aicello.  Title NamePrincipal Business   Activities and Positions  President  Chief Executive Officer Satoshi Morita  Executive Vice President Senior Executive Director Hironobu Makino Executive Director of Commercial Development Dept.  Managing Executive Officer  Senior Executive Director Hisanori Ozaki Supervising Process Innovation, R&D, Manufacturing  Executive Officer Senior Executive Director Hiroyuki Nakamura Executive Director of Supply Chain Management Dept.  Supervising Global Corporate Dept.  Executive Officer Senior Executive Director Kenichiro Kosaka Executive Director of Marketing Dept. Executive Director, Asia and China Region  Executive Officer Senior Executive Director Yasuhiro Yamamoto Executive Director of Production Dept.  Executive Director  (External) Masakuni Sugai General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. Polyolefin Dept.  Auditor Mitsumasa Asano Shinsei-Sogo. Inc. Certified Public Accountant  Executive Director Toshiyuki Fujiwara Executive Director of Sustainability Management Dept.  Executive Director Shin Sugiyama Executive Director, Europe & Americas Region Deputy Executive Director of Marketing Dept. Business Director of Solublon Business Unit  Executive Director Takanori Murakami Executive Director of Research & Development Dept.  Executive Director Mitsue Ohba Executive Director of Global Corporate Dept.  Executive Director Nobuhide Ebata Executive Director of Process Innovation Dept.  Wataru Makino retired fr om the chairman of the board and was appoi nted as Executive  Advisor. Emiko Makino retired from an A udit & Supervisory Board Member and was  appointed as Executive Advisor.  Sincerely yours,  Satoshi Morita / President  Aicello Corporation  Represent ative Officers of Aicello Group  [Domestic]  AICELLO PACK CO., LTD.  President  Kaoru Yamamoto  A-T ECH CO., LTD. President  Hayato Ashida  FINE PLUS CO., LTD. President  Naoki Wakasugi  AIA CO., LTD. President Masataka Tsukada  NAGOY A GRAVURE CO., LT D. President   Takashi Suzuki  AICELL O HOLDINGS CO., LT D. President  Hironobu Makino  AICHI-S ENI CO., LT D. President  Takashi Takagi  [Overs eas]  SHA NGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC PACKAGING CO., LTD.  President  Masahito Inoue  AICELLO (SH ANGHAI) TRADING CO., LTD.  President  Hironao Ota  AICELL O (THAILAND) CO., LTD.  Managing Director  Kazuhiko Yamazaki  AICELL O MALAYSIA SDN. BHD.  Managing Director  Tomotsugu Chikada  PT . ACBOS INDONESIA    President Director  Morihiko Uozumi  AICELL O INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  Managing Director  Manabu Nagata  AICELL O VIETNAM CO., LTD.  General Director  Akira Otaka  AICELL O NORTH AMERICA INC.  President  Kohei Nagashima  AICELL O AMERICA CORPORATION   President  Carlton J. Wong  AICELL O MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.  Director General  Toshimasa Sasaki  AICELL O MILIM CO., LTD.  Chief Executive Officer  Jang – Wook, Lim  AICELL O-HARKE GmbH  Managing Director  Andre Schellberg   Christian Gellermann 


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202207/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.14MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202106/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news-e202106.pdf
    45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi Japan  441- 1115  Tel :(81)532- 88-4558   Fax:(81)532- 88-4527            JU NE. 21, 2021    Announcement of Executive Appointments     Aicello C orporation would like to announce that the new management structure as follows.  The management changes  were approved at  Aicello ’s Ordinary  General Meeting of  Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on June 16 , 2021.  We would greatly appreciate your  continued support to Aicello.     Title Name  Principal Business   Activities and Positions   Chairman  Wataru Makino    President   Chief Executive Officer  Satoshi Morita    Exec utive Vice President   Senior Executive Officer  Hironobu Makino  Executive Director of Commercial Development Dept.   Managing Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hisanori Ozaki  Executive Director of Supply Chain Management Dept.   Manufacturing  Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hiroyuki Nakamura  Executive Director of Administration Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Kenichiro Kosaka Executive Director of Marketing Dept.   Asian Regional Executive Director   Executive Director    (External)  Masakuni  Sugai  General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.  Polyolefin Dept.   Auditor  Emiko Makino    Executive Officer  Motokazu Kamimura  General Manager of IT Division & Business Analysis Division   Administration Dept.   Executive Officer  Yasuhiro Yamamoto  Executive Director of Manufacturing  Dept.   Executive Officer  Toshiyuki  Fujiwara  Executive Director of Management Planning Dept.   Executive Officer  Shin Sugiyama  Europe & Americas  Regional Executive Director   Product Director of Solublon Business Unit   Executive Officer  Takanori Murakami  Executive Director of Research & Development Dept.       Sincerely yours,         Satoshi  Morita  / President   Aicello C orporation              Representative Officers of Aicello Group     [Domestic]    AICELLO PACK CO., LTD.  President  Kaoru Yamamoto   A-TECH CO., LTD.  President   Hayato Ashida    FINE PLUS CO., LTD.  President  Naoki  Wakasugi     AIA CO., LTD.  President  Masataka Tsukada    NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.  President   Takashi Suzuki    AICELLO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.   President  Hironobu Makino    AICHI -SENI CO., LTD.  President   Takashi Takagi       [Overseas]    SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC PACKAGING CO., LTD.        General manager  Masahito Inoue    AICELLO  (SHANGHAI ) TRADING CO., LTD.  General manager  Hironao Ota    AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.  Managing Director  Yohei Kudo    AICELLO  MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD.  Managing Director  Tomotsugu Chikada    PT. ACBOS INDONESIA             President Director  Morihiko Uozumi     AICELLO  INDIA  PRIVATE  LIMITED  Managing Director  Manabu Nagata    AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD.  General  Director  Akira  Otaka    AICELLO  NORTH  AMERICA  INC. President  Kohei Nagashima    AICELLO  AMERICA CORPORATION   President  Carlton J. Wong    AICELLO  MEXICO , S.A. DE C.V . Director General  Toshimasa  Sasaki    AICELLO MILIM CHEMICAL CO., LTD.  Chief Executive Officer  Jang – Wook, Lim    AICELLO -HARKE GmbH  Managing Director  Andre Schellberg  


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202106/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.61MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/202106_ams/
Aicello Corporation’s New Malaysia Factory Starts Operation | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Aicello Corporation’s New Malaysia Factory Starts Operation Aicello Corporation’s New Malaysia Factory Starts Operation Aicello Corporation (headquarter in Toyohashi-City, Aichi Prefecture, hereafter referred to as Aicello) is proud to announce operation has started at their subsidiary AICELLO MALAYSIA SDN.BHD.（hereafter referred to as AMS） for the production of their rust prevention film, BOSELON. The new factory was completed in December 2020 and mass production began in January 2021. Aicello has positioned their business with three BOSELON production facilities; Japan, China, and Malaysia, with thirteen sales offices around the world. With this enhancement to AMS, Aicello will be further able to supply global markets from our central production facilities, providing an even more stable supply system. The new AMS factory is in Malaysia’s Kulim Hi-Tech Park, with a total land area of 29,700㎡ and the factory itself having floorspace of 12,427㎡. This increases BOSELON production at AMS by one and a half times. From an operations side, Aicello has installed a central control system that allows for confirmation of each facilities production, operations, and order status. With this production focused management, Aicello can produce all products at their most suitable location. Through BOSELON Aicello will continue to provide best fit packaging in an environmentally conscious manner, contributing to the realization of a low-carbon economy. Aicello is positioned at the forefront to support a variety of customers from Electronic, Automotive and Heavy Industries. Aicello supports from production process to distribution, any customer that is experiencing rust issues. Aicello is further strengthening production, sales, R&D and technical service to continue meeting customer expectations. News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20210325/
https://www.aicello.com/media/avn_en_mar2021.pdf
  AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD  Registered Office:  Phòng 1522, t ầng 15, Icon4 Tower, 243A Đê La Thành, Ph ường Láng Th ượng, Quận Đống Đa, TP Hà N ội, Việt Nam   Tax code: 0109374356, Tel: +84-24-3760-6626, Fax: +84- 24-6266-2608, Email: akira.o@aicello.co.jp    Website: www.aicello.com    March 25th, 2021    Dear Valued Customers,         Announcement of Opening of AICELLO VIETNAM CO. LTD.      We would like to express our si ncere gratitude for your continue d business. AICELLO CORPORATION  and AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD. jointly invest ed and established a new sales office, AICELLO  VIETNAM CO., LTD., in Hanoi, Vietnam on this occasion and it will be starting the business as of 25th  of March 2021.  AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD. succeeds sales activities which AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.  was offering in Vietnam and will continue  to rise in customer satisfaction.       AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD.  General Director: Akira Otaka  T e l .      :  +84-24-3760-6626  F a x .      :  +83-24-6266-2608   E-mail   : akira.o@aicello.co.jp  Mobile    : +84-934-475-558 for Akira Otaka, Japanese contact    +84-934-635-558 for Le Thi Phuong Thao, Vietnamese contact               Address  : Suite 1522,  Floor 15, Icon4 Tower, 243A De La Thang,   Lang Thuong Ward, Dong Da District, Ha Noi City, Vietnam        We would highly appreciate your continuous support and cooperation to our business.          AICELLO CORPORATION  Wataru Makino / President    AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD. Yohei Kudo / Managing Director     


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20210325/
The new company "AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD." was established. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > The new company "AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD." was established. The new company "AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD." was established. Announcement of Opening of AICELLO VIETNAM CO. LTD. (PDF 0.16MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202006/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news-e202006.pdf
    45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toy ohashi, Aichi Japan  441-1115  Tel:(81)532-88-4558   Fax:(81)532-88-4527       JUNE. 21, 2020    Announcement of Executive Appointments    Aicello Corporation would like to announce that it has determi ned the new management  structure as follows. The m anagement changes are s ubject to the approval of Aicello’s  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on  June 8, 2020. We would greatly appreciate it if you could have continued support to us in the future.    Title Name Principal Business   Activities and Positions  President Chief Executive Officer Wataru Makino   Executive Vice President  Senior Executive Officer Satoshi Morita Executive Director of Marketing Dept.  Business Strategy Office  Executive Vice President  Senior Executive Officer Hironobu Makino  (Promoted) Executive Director of Commercial Development Dept.  Managing Director  Senior Executive Officer Hisanori Ozaki Executive Director of Supply Chain Management Dept.  Business Strategy Office  Executive Director Senior Executive Officer Hiroyuki Nakamura Executive Director of Administration Dept.  Executive Director  Senior Executive Officer Kenichiro Kosaka Deputy Director of Marketing Dept.  Asian Regional Executive Director  Executive Director   (External)  Hisashi Shibayama General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd.  Polyolefin Dept.  Auditor Emiko Makino   Executive Officer Motokazu Kamimura General Manager of IT Divison of Administration Dept.  Business Strategy Office  Executive Officer Yasuhiro Yamamoto Executive Director of Production Dept.  Executive Officer Toshiyuki Fujiwara Executive Director of Management Planning Dept.  Executive Officer Shin Sugiyama Europe & Americas Regional Executive Director  Product Director of Solublon Business Unit  Executive Officer Takanori Murakami Executive Director of Research & Development Dept.   Product Director of Boselon Business Unit      Sincerely yours,      Wataru Makino / President  Aicello Corporation         Representative Officers of Aicello Group    [Domestic]   AICELLO PACK CO., LTD.  President  Kaoru Yamamoto   A-TECH CO., LTD.  President  Hayato Ashida   FINE PLUS CO., LTD.  President  Naoki Wakasugi    AIA CO., LTD.  President Masataka Tsukada    NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.  President   Takashi Suzuki    AICELLO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.  President  Hironobu Makino    AICHI-SENI CO., LTD.  President  Takashi Takagi      [Overseas]   SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC PACKAGING CO., LTD.       General manager  Masahito Inoue   AICELLO (SHANGHAI) TRADING CO., LTD.  General manager  Hironao Ota    AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.  Managing Director  Yohei Kudo   AICELLO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD.  Managing Director  Tomotsugu Chikada   PT. ACBOS INDONESIA             President Director  Morihiko Uozumi    AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED  Managing Director  Manabu Nagata   AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC.  President  Kohei Nagashima   AICELLO AMERICA CORPORATION   President  Carlton J. Wong   AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.  Director General  Toshimasa Sasaki   AICELLO MILIM CHEMICAL CO., LTD .  Chief Executive Officer  Jang – Wook, Lim   AICELLO-HARKE GmbH  Managing Director  Andre Schellberg 


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news202006/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.13MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201907/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news-e201907.pdf
    45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi Japan  441- 1115  Tel :(81)532- 88-4558   Fax:(81)532- 88-4527        JULY . 1, 2019   Announcement of Executive Appointments     Aicello C orporation would like to announce that it has determined the new management  structure as follows. The management changes  are subject to the approval of Aicello ’s  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on  June 1 2, 2019.   We would greatly appreciate it if you could have continued support to us i n the future.     Title Name  Principal Business   Activities and Positions   President   Chief Executive Officer  Wataru Makino   Exec utive Vice President   Senior Executive Officer  Satoshi Morita  Executive Director of Marketing Dept.   Business Strategy Office   Managin g Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hisanori Ozaki  Executive Director of Management Planning,  Supply Chain Managem ent Dept. ,   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hiroyuki Nakamura  Executive Director  of Administration Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Kenichiro Kosaka Deputy Director of Marketing Dept.   Asian Regional Executive Director   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hironobu Makino  Executive  Director of Commercial  Development Dept.   Executive Director    (External)  Hisashi Shibayama  General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co.,  Ltd. Polyolefin Dept.   Auditor  Emiko Makino    Executive Officer  Naoki Wakasugi  Executive Director  of Research &  Development Dept .    Executive Officer  Motokazu Kamimura  General Manager of IT Divison of  Administration Dept.   Business Strategy Office   Executive Officer  Yasuhiro Yamamoto  Executive Director of Production Dept.   Executive Officer  Toshiyuki  Fujiwara  China Regional Executive Director   *Mr. Ikuo Suzuki  retired from the position of Full time Aud itor.    Sincerely yours,     Wataru Makino / President   Aicello C orporation        Representative Officers of Aicello Group     [Domestic]                 AICELLO  PACK CO., LTD.          Kaoru Yamamoto (Newly appointed)   A-TECH  CO., LTD.                Hayato Ashida (Newly  appointed)   FINE  PLUS CO., LTD.              Hiroshi Kubota   AIA C O., LTD.                     Masataka Tsukada            NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.     Takashi Suzuki            AICELLO HOLDINGS CO., LTD.        Hironobu Makino             AICHI -SENI CO., LTD.             Hironobu Makino         [Overseas]              SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC     Toshiyuki Fujiwara             PACKA GING CO., LTD.             AICELLO  (SHANGHAI )             Hironao Ota   TRADING  CO., LTD.            AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.     Yohei Kud o           AICELLO  MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD.    Tomotsugu Chikada (Newly appointed)            PT. ACBOS INDONESIA              Morihiko Uozumi  (Newly appointed)            AICELLO  INDIA  PRIVATE  LIMITED    Manabu Nagata (Newly appointed)            AICELLO  NORTH  AMERICA  INC.   Kohei Nagashima            AICELLO  AMERICA  CORPORATION     Carlton J. Wong            AICELLO  MEXICO , S.A. DE C.V.         Toshimasa  Sasaki            AICELLO  MILIM CHEMICAL  CO., LTD.    Jang – Wook, Lim            AICELLO -HARKE GmbH       Andre Schellberg  


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201907/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.14MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/201906/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news_e-201906.pdf
June 2019   Dear clients,    AICELLO CORPORATION   Wataru Makino    President       Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and  Emulsion business for Screen Printing       This is to  announce that AICELLO CORPORATION has reached a basic agreement to transfer its  capillary direct film and emulsion business for screen printing to MURAKAMI CO., LTD. (Head  office: 3 -10, 5- Chome, Yokokawa, Sumida -ku, Tokyo. President: Hirotaka Murakami).   We express We express our deepest appreciation for your many years of patronage and support in this  business.     Sincerely yours,        The transfer of business is scheduled to be completed in September 20, 2019. For details concerning the transfer process, etc., please inquire with the sales representative at AICELLO CORPORATION.    If claims and debts of our company still exist after the transfer of business,  MURAKAMI CO., LTD.  will in no way inherit such claims and debts.   


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/201906/
Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing June 2019 AICELLO CORPORATION Wataru Makino President This is to announce that AICELLO CORPORATION has reached a basic agreement to transfer its capillary direct film and emulsion business for screen printing to MURAKAMI CO., LTD. (Head office: 3-10, 5-Chome, Yokokawa, Sumida-ku, Tokyo. President: Hirotaka Murakami). We express We express our deepest appreciation for your many years of patronage and support in this business. Sincerely yours, The transfer of business is scheduled to be completed in September 20, 2019. For details concerning the transfer process, etc., please inquire with the sales representative at AICELLO CORPORATION. If claims and debts of our company still exist after the transfer of business, MURAKAMI CO., LTD. will in no way inherit such claims and debts. Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing (PDF 0.07MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20190311/
Notice of our Website applies to Always-on SSL Encryption (https) | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Notice of our Website applies to Always-on SSL Encryption (https) Notice of our Website applies to Always-on SSL Encryption (https) AICELLO CORPORATION completed always-on SSL encryption into all pages to use our website more safely for site visitors. Accordingly, our website’s URL changes as follows: (Old) http://www.aicello.com (New) https://www.aicello.com (Old) http://www.boselon.com/ (New) https://www.boselon.com/ (Old) http://www.cleancontainers.com/ (New) https://www.cleancontainers.com/ (Old) http://www.hypercleanfilm.com/ (New) https://www.hypercleanfilm.com/ (Old) http://www.solublon.com/ (New) https://www.solublon.com/ (Old) http://www.suzulon-l.com/ (New) https://www.suzulon-l.com/ Our old URL automatically redirects to the new URL, but please make sure to update any bookmarks you may have registered. News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/packexpo2018/
PACKEXPO 2018 (CHICAGO) - AICELLO BOOTH #E-9134 | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > PACKEXPO 2018 (CHICAGO) - AICELLO BOOTH #E-9134 PACKEXPO 2018 (CHICAGO) - AICELLO BOOTH #E-9134 AICELLO will exhibit at PACKEXPO 2018 in CHICAGO (IL, USA) next October 14 -17, 2018. The submitting contents: BOSELON® (Volatile Corrosion Inhibiting Film) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201806/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news_e201806.pdf
    45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi Japan  441- 1115  Tel :(81)532- 88-4558   Fax:(81)532- 88-4527        Jun. 14, 2018   Announcement of Executive Appointments     Aicello C orporation would like to announce that it has determined the new management  structure as follows. The management changes  are subject to the approval of Aicello ’s  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on  June 1 2, 2018.   We would greatly appreciate it if you could have continued support to us i n the future.     Title Name  Principal Business   Activities and Positions   President   Chief Executive Officer  Wataru Makino   Exec utive Vice President   Senior Executive Officer  Satoshi Morita   (Promoted)  Executive Director of Marketing Dept.   Business Strategy Offi ce  Managing Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hisanori Ozaki   (Promoted)  Executive Director of Management Planning,  Supply Chain Managem ent Dept. ,   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hiroyuki Nakamura  Executive Director  of Administration Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Kenichiro Kosaka Deputy Director of Marketing Dept.   Asian Regional Executive Director   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hironobu Makino   (Newly appointed)  Business Strategy Office  Executive Director    (External)  Hisashi  Shibayama   (Newly appointed)  General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co.,  Ltd. Polyolefin Dept.   Full time Auditor  Ikuo Suzuki    Auditor  Emiko Makino    Executive Officer  Naoki Wakasugi  Executive Director  of Research &  Development Dept . and Commercial  Development Dept.   Executive Officer  Motokazu Kamimura  General Manager of IT Divison of  Administration Dept.   Business Strategy Office  Executive Officer  Yasuhiro Yamamoto  Executive Director of Production Dept.   Executive Officer  Toshiyuki  Fujiwara   (Newly appointed)  China Regional Executive Director   *Mr. Yasuyoshi Kondo retired from the position of Executive Director .    Sincerely yours,     Wataru Makino / President   Aicello C orporation        Representative Officers of Aicello Group     [Domestic]                 AICELLO  PACK CO., LTD.          Masahumi  Yuasa  A-TECH  CO., LTD.                Kouji Uchida   FINE  PLUS CO., LTD.              Hiroshi Kubota (Newly appointed)   AIA C O., LTD.                     Masataka Tsukada            NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.     Takashi Suzuki            AICELLO  KOSAN  CO., LTD.        Hironobu Makino             AICHI -SENI CO., LTD.             Hironobu Makino         [Overseas]              SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC    Hiroaki Yamaguchi             PACKA GING CO., LTD.             AICELLO  (SHANGHAI )             Hironao Ota (Newly appointed)     TRADING  CO., LTD.            AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.     Yohei Kudo (Newly appointed)            AICELLO  MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD.    Kaoru Yamamoto            PT. ACBOS INDONESIA              Manabu Nagata (Newly appointed)            AICELLO  INDIA  PRIVATE  LIMITED    Tsuyomasa  Oowaki            AICELLO  NORTH  AMERICA  INC.   Kohei Nagashima            AICELLO  AMERICA  CORPORATION     Carlton J. Wong            AICELLO  MEXICO , S.A. DE C.V.         Toshimasa  Sasaki  (Newly appointed)            AICELLO  MILIM CHEMICAL  CO., LTD.    Jang – Wook, Lim            AICELLO -HARKE GmbH       Andre Schellberg  


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201806/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.08MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201706/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news_e201706.pdf
    45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi Japan  441- 1115  Tel :(81)532- 88-4558   Fax:(81)532- 88-4527        Jun. 15, 2017   Announcement of Executive Appointments     Aicello C orporation would like to announce that it has determined the new management  structure as follows. The management changes  are subject to the approval of Aicello ’s  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on  June 1 3, 2017.   We would greatly appreciate it if you could have continued support to us i n the future.     Title Name  Principal Business   Activities and Positions   President   Chief Executive Officer  Wataru Makino   Managing Director   Senior Executive Officer  Satoshi Morita  Executive Director of Marketing Dept.   Business Strategy Office  Executive  Director  Senior Executive Officer  Hisanori Ozaki  Executive Director of Management Planning,  Supply Chain Managem ent Dept. ,   General Manager of Purchasing and Logistics  Division Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Yasuyoshi Kondo  Executive Direct or of Commercial  Development Dept ,   Business Strategy Office   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Hiroyuki Nakamura  Executive Director  of Administration Dept.   Executive Director   Senior Executive Officer  Kenichiro Kosaka Asian Regional Executive Di rector   Executive Director    (External)  Satoshi Suwa  General Manager of Sumitomo Chemical Co.,  Ltd. Polyolefin Dept.   Full time Auditor  Ikuo Suzuki   (Newly appointed)    Auditor  Emiko Makino    Executive Officer  Takeshi Watanabe  Americas  Regional Director   Executive Officer  Naoki Wakasugi  Executive Director  of Research &  Development  Dept.   Executive Officer  Motokazu  Kamimura   (Newly appointed)  General Manager of IT Divison of  Administration Dept.   Business Strategy Office  Executive Officer  Yasuhiro Yamamoto   (Newly appointed)  Executive Director of Production Dept.   *Mr. Takayuki Matsumoto  retired from the position of Full time Auditor .      Sincerely yours,     Wataru Makino / President   Aicello C orporation        Representative Officers of Aicello Group     [Domestic]                 AICELLO  PACK CO., LTD.          Masahumi  Yuasa  (Newly appointed)   A-TECH  CO., LTD.                Kouji Uchida   FINE  PLUS CO., LTD.              Kenji Sato   AIA C O., LTD.                     Masataka Tsukada            NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.     Takas hi Suzuki            AICELLO  KOSAN  CO., LTD.        Hironobu Makino  (Newly appointed)            AICHI -SENI CO., LTD.             Hironobu Makino  (Newly appointed)        [Overseas]              SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC    Hiroaki Yamaguti  (Newly appointed)             PACKAIGING CO.,LTD.            AICELLO  (SHANGHAI )             Kazuhiko Yamazaki    TRADING  CO., LTD.            AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD.     Kenichiro Kosaka            AICELLO  MALAYSIA  SDN. BHD.    Kaoru Yamamoto (Newly appointed)            PT.ACBOS IND ONESIA              Hidemi Miyaji            AICELLO  INDIA  PRIVATE  LIMITED    Masato Nishibashi            AICELLO  NORTH  AMERICA  INC.   Kohei Nagashima            AICELLO  AMERICA  CORPORATION     Carlton J. Wong            AICELLO  MEXICO  S.A. DE C.V.         Takeshi Watanabe           AICELLO  MILIM CHEMICAL  CO., LTD.    Jang – Wook, Lim            AICELLO  CHEMICAL  EUROPE  GmbH     Andre Schellberg  


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201706/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.08MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20170606/
We renewed CleanContainers.com website. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > We renewed CleanContainers.com website. We renewed CleanContainers.com website. We renewed CleanContainers.com website. The URL of CleanContainers.com is shown below. http://www.cleancontainers.com/ News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201606/
https://www.aicello.com/media/news_e201606.pdf
45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyo hashi, Aichi Japan  441-1115  Tel:(81)532-88-4558   Fax:(81)532-88-4527   Jun. 23, 2016  Announcement of Ex ecutive Appointments  Aicello Corp oration would like to announce that it has determi ned the new management  structure as follows. The m anagement changes are subject to the approval of Aicello’s  Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and the Board of Directors Meeting held on  June 14, 2016.  We would greatly appreciate it if you could have continued support to us in the future.  Title Name Principal Business Activities and  Positions  President Chief Executive Officer Wataru Makino  Managing Director Senior Executive Officer Satoshi Morita Executive Director of Marketing  Dept.  Executive Director  Senior Executive Officer Hisanori Ozaki Executive Director of Management  Planning, Supply Chain Management  Dept., Purchasing and Business Process Reengineering  Executive Director  Senior Executive Officer Yasuyoshi Kondo Executive Director of Commercial  Development Dept.  Executive Director  Senior Executive Officer Ikuo Suzuki Executive Director of Production  Dept.  Executive Director Senior Executive Officer  (Newly appointed) Hiroyuki Nakamura Executive Director of Administration  Dept.  Executive Director  Senior Executive Officer (Newly appointed) Kenichiro Kosaka Asian Regional Executive Director  Executive Director (External) Satosh i Suwa General Manager of Sumitomo  Chemical Co., Ltd. Polyolefin Dept.  Full time Auditor Takayuki Matsumoto  Auditor Emiko Makino Executive Officer Takeshi Watanabe  Americas Regional Director  Executive Officer Naoki Wakasugi Director of Research & Development  *Mr. Seiichi Itoh retired from  the position of Executive O fficer and took up the post of an advisor. Sincerely yours,  Wataru Makino / President  Aicello Corporation       Representative Officers of Aicello Group    [Domestic]               AIA CO., LTD.                     Masataka Tsukada            AICELLO PACK CO., LTD.          Yasuhiro Yamamoto            NAGOYA GRAVURE CO., LTD.     Takashi Suzuki   A - T E C H  C O . ,  L T D .                 K o u j i  U c h i d a    FINE PLUS CO., LTD.              Kenji Sato            AICELLO KOSAN CO., LTD.        Emiko Makino          A I C H I - S E N I  C O . ,  L T D .              E m i k o  M a k i n o        [Overseas]             SHANGHAI AIXINGLU PLASTIC    Toshiyuki Fujiwara            P A C K A I G I N G  C O . , L T D .             A I C E L L O  ( S H A N G H A I )              K a z u h i k o  Y a m a z a k i     TRADING CO., LTD.            AICELLO MALAYSIA SDN. BHD.    Kazuya Sonobe            AICELLO THAILAND CO., LTD.      Kenichiro Kosaka            PT. ACBOS Indonesia              Hidemi Miyaji           AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED   Masato Nishibashi           AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC.   Kohei Nagashima           AICELLO AMERICA CORPORATION    Carlton Wong           AICELLO MEXICO S.A. DE  C.V.         Takeshi Watanabe           AICELLO CHEMICAL EUROPE GmbH     Andre Schellberg           AICELLO MILIM CHEMI CAL CO., LTD.    Jang – Wook, Lim 


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/news201606/
Announcement of Executive Appointments | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments Announcement of Executive Appointments (PDF 0.07MB) News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20140901/
The new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED." was established. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > The new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED." was established. The new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED." was established. The Aicello Corporation established new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED" newly in India. Company name AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED Representative Masato Nishibashi Address Unit 197, Ground Floor, Phase 1, Udyog Vihar, Gurgaon, Haryana-122016 India TEL +91-124-436-2559 FAX +91-124-436-2537 News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20140828/
AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. moved to a new office. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. moved to a new office. AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. moved to a new office. AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. office has relocated to the following address as of August 25, 2014. Address Suite # 210 - 171 West Esplanade North Vancouver, BC V7M 3J9, Canada TEL (+1)604-980-3285 FAX (+1)604-980-3965 News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/20140801/
The new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." was established. | News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News > The new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." was established. The new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." was established. The Aicello Corporation established new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." newly in Celaya city. Company name AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V. Representative Takeshi Watanabe Address Carr. Panamericana 1266 A4 Int. P106 Pabellon del Campestre, Celaya, Guanajuato 38080 Mexico TEL +52-461-202-5347 News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/news/index.html
News | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us News Home > News News November 07, 2023 The CLEAN BOTTLE website has been renewed. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation Published in “Newsweek”. October 27, 2023 AICELLO Corporation will be attending SEMICON Europa 2023. July 21, 2023 Price Adjustment Notification June 27, 2023 Announcement of Executive Appointments February 21, 2023 「Rally Team AICELLO」 Presents 2023 Team Formation December 26, 2022 Our company has been featured in TIME Magazine's most prestigious edition, Person of the Year. December 23, 2022 Our company has been featured in Newsweek’s website "semiconductor report". December 16, 2022 The CLEAN BAG website has been renewed. November 14, 2022 Our company joins Semiconductor Climate Consortium as Founding Member October 28, 2022 Our company has been featured in "NEWSWEEK" and "TIME". July 01, 2022 Announcement of Executive Appointments March 22, 2022 The SOLUBLON website has been renewed. January 20, 2022 Corporate Profile Movie has been updated June 22, 2021 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 18, 2021 Aicello Corporation’s New Malaysia Factory Starts Operation March 25, 2021 The new company "AICELLO VIETNAM CO., LTD." was established. November 16, 2020 Notice concerning Financial Information June 19, 2020 Announcement of Executive Appointments July 01, 2019 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 19, 2019 Basic Agreement for Transfer of the Capillary Direct Film and Emulsion business for Screen Printing March 11, 2019 Notice of our Website applies to Always-on SSL Encryption (https) October 08, 2018 PACKEXPO 2018 (CHICAGO) - AICELLO BOOTH #E-9134 June 14, 2018 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 15, 2017 Announcement of Executive Appointments June 06, 2017 We renewed CleanContainers.com website. June 23, 2016 Announcement of Executive Appointments March 17, 2016 Welcome to our new website. We renewed Aicello homepage. September 01, 2014 The new company "AICELLO INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED." was established. August 28, 2014 AICELLO NORTH AMERICA INC. moved to a new office. August 01, 2014 The new company "AICELLO MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V." was established. 1 2 next » News AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/approach/gas/
Activities to Reduce GHGs | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Decarbonization Efforts > Activities to Reduce GHGs Activities to Reduce GHGs Greenhouse gases (GHGs) refer to gases that absorb infrared radiation emitted from the surface of the earth when the surface receives heat from the sun. They radiate the absorbed heat back to the surface of the earth, warming it. A moderate amount of the greenhouse effect can maintain the Earth's ecosystems, but it is said that the so-called global warming is progressing and the temperature near the surface is rising rapidly due to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions caused by human activities. At the so-called COP (Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change), countries are obliged to reduce or restrain GHG emissions, and time limits for achieving have been set. GHG Emissions Trend at Aicello (Head Office Plant) At the beginning of 2000, Aicello's Head Office Plant emitted approximately 30,000 tons of carbon dioxide, a GHG . Since then, it has reduced emissions as a result of improving efficiency by selecting and concentrating businesses and aggregating production sites. In addition, as a result of energy conservation activities, the renewal of energy-related facilities, energy conversions, and other activities, we were able to reduce emissions to approximately 13,500 tons in FY2012, and since then we have worked to expand our business and maintain our emission level. Looking at the future, companies cannot survive without decarbonization. Aicello has been practicing decarbonization management since FY2022 by disclosing management strategies addressing climate change and setting decarbonization targets. Aicello's Carbon Neutral (CN) Road to Zero - Scope 1, 2 and 3 Reduction Challenge - Aicello is working every day to meet its carbon neutrality goals to reduce greenhouse gases (GHGs) and carbon dioxide (Scope 1 and Scope 2) generated by the company's energy consumption. We also aim to reduce carbon dioxide generated at our own upstream and downstream (Scope 3) in the prospect of further expanding our business. We will continue to develop and improve the products we sell so they can contribute to reducing carbon dioxide emissions. Scope 1 : Direct greenhouse gas emissions by our own (fuel combustion, industrial processes) Scope 2 : Indirect emissions from the use of electricity, heat and steam supplied by other companies Scope 3 : Indirect emissions other than Scope 1 and Scope 2 (emissions by other companies related to our activities) *emission intensity = amount of emissions / sales in weight GHG emissions reduction targets Reduce total Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% and the Scope 3 emission intensity by 25% or higher by 2030 Aim to be carbon neutral by 2050 We aim to complete our global calculations of all of the Group's companies in Japan and abroad and the formation of a roadmap in FY2023 *emission intensity = amount of emissions / sales in weight Initiatives for Reaching Targets Scope 1 Install highly efficient boilers Consider installing hydrogen boilers (a long-term carbon neutrality measure) Electrify vehicles Scope 2 Continue energy conservation activities Convert to energy saving equipment Install renewable energy Scope 3 Promote the 3Rs, implement biomass based raw materials, and collaborate with suppliers Improve logistics Collect products and convert them to recycled products and renewable energy Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/approach/energy/
Energy Conservation Activities | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Decarbonization Efforts > Energy Conservation Activities Energy Conservation Activities Aicello is engaged in improving production efficiency and reducing loss in its manufacturing department, improving by making energy visible, switching to LED lighting, practicing EG activities in indirect departments, and doing other activities. Promote Visualization of Energy We will improve our energy conservations efforts by installing equipment that can measure the amount of energy used in our major plants in detail, promote the "visualization" of energy to make our energy use easy to understand, and highlight the inefficiencies in our energy use. Display of factory equipment electricity consumption Switch to Energy-efficient Lighting Our plants, warehouses, and offices have switched to LED lighting, and our indirect departments switch on electrical equipment only when necessary under the label of EG activities (Environment / Economy Good). LED lighting inside the Aicello Distribution Center LED lights inside one of our offices (Frequently switched off with string attached) Improving Production Efficiency and doing Maintenance on Ancillary Facilities The manufacturing department monitors energy usage inside plants and fixes areas that need improvement in order to reduce inefficient energy use due to leaks from air supply, steam supply and water supply, etc. It also conserves energy by changing to efficient operation of air compressors, air conditioners, and other equipment, and appropriate operation and doing regular maintenance of equipment for transporting raw materials overhead. Maintenance of air compressor Maintenance of equipment for transporting raw materials overhead Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/approach/resource/
Resource Circulation | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Decarbonization Efforts > Resource Circulation Resource Circulation Aicello aims to practice zero emission activities from the moment we purchase materials to the time we dispose of waste. Green Procurement We produce products based on green procurement and actively introducing environment-friendly products at the time of purchasing materials. Effective Use of Energy We take materials that are difficult to use for recyclable resource and use them effectively as heat or other sources of energy. Approximately 2% of materials from the entire company are being disposed of as waste. Separation of Waste Plastic waste sold as "recyclable waste" Aicello's production department and indirect departments generate waste through production. The waste is separated into several categories and reused effectively as materials. Recycling of Cooling Water Cooling tower As a water conservation measure, water used to cool manufacturing or ancillary equipment are cooled inside a cooling tower or chiller to be reused as a cooling water. Use of Rainwater as Cooling Water In order to use water resources effectively, we have a system in which we use gray water or rainwater for applications that don't require pure water. The use of gray water includes cooling water used in plants which are used for flushing toilets, cleaning, or other applications in our office buildings. Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/environ/approach/protection/
Conservation of Local Communities | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Environment > Decarbonization Efforts > Conservation of Local Communities Conservation of Local Communities Installation of Solar Power Generation Equipment The Aicello Distribution Center on the east side of our headquarters is equipped with 220 kW rooftop solar panels for power generation, addressing the power supply conditions in the local area, and helping reduce the creation of greenhouse gases from power generating. Solar power generation equipment Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Decarbonization Efforts Activities to Reduce GHGs Energy Conservation Activities Resource Circulation Conservation of Local Communities Environmental Accounting Society Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/diversity/woman/
Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Diversity > Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act At Aicello, we have strived to create a workplace where women can work with peace of mind. We opened our own nursery room, Sora, in 2013 and have taken other measures to actively support women's childcare, and as a result, 100% of our female employees eligible for childcare leave have taken it. Moving forward, we will continue to provide support from the human resource training side so that women with children can continue to be active in the workplace. We have also begun promoting men's participation in childcare and measures such as remote work and flex-time in order to create an environment where women can work easily even while they are raising children. 1\. Duration of Plan April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2025 (five years) 2\. Our Challenges (1) We have few female applicants, resulting fewer female engineers, and sales representatives. (2) We have a low percentage of women in management positions. 3\. Details and Periods of Goals and Initiatives Goal 1: Hire at least one new female engineer or sales representative per year. Goal 2: Double the number of women in managerial positions from 2019 to 2022, and increase the number of female section managers by 50% by 2024. 〈Initiative 1〉 Strengthen employment of women (New initiative since FY2016) We have asked female engineers and sales representatives as recruiters and have them go to job fairs, universities, and other places and do PR by teaching students about their work and how it is meaningful. We have implemented internships for female engineering and humanities students. 〈Initiative 2〉 Support female workers' career paths (New initiative since FY2017) We have implemented self-assessments and career interviews by supervisors and HR for employees in the third, seventh, and tenth year. Based on them, the supervisors made a three-year training plan. The self-assessments, interview results, and training plans have been sent to an HR training committee comprised of executives, and the company as a whole supported employees in achieving their desired careers. HR has interviewed employees in their 13th year and checked their intentions regarding future promotions. We have promoted active female employees who want to take a management position. 〈Initiative 3〉 Work-life balance support, making a work environment where it is easy to work and possible to raise or nurse a child while working Since April 2020 We have set up a women's consultation desk so female employees can comfortably ask about any worries they have regarding topics such as their career plan, childbirth, and returning to work from leave. We have provided interviews before, during, and after childcare leave so female employees can consult their supervisors about how they will work when they return to work. We have encouraged men to take nursing leave when their spouse gives birth to participate in childcare. We have gathered opinions on nursing and childcare from female employees and information on other companies' systems, and plan our own child raising and childcare support system. Since April 2021 We have implemented a new child raising and childcare support system. ① Offer opportunities related to professional lives 【Percentage of hired workers that were female】 As of December 21, 2022 (Job type) (Male) (Female) Engineering 50% 50% Sales 83% 17% Administration 15% 85% Manufacturing 100% 0% 【Percentage of workers that are female】 As of December 21, 2022 (Job type) (Male) (Female) Engineering 85% 15% Sales 92% 8% Administration 50% 50% Manufacturing 96% 4% 【Percentage of managers that are female】 As of December 21, 2022 (Title) (Male) (Female) section manager 91% 9% Director class 92% 8% ② Balancing professional lives with family life 【Difference in average number of years of continuous service between men and women】 As of December 21, 2022 (Category) (Male) (Female) Full-Time Employees 16.8年 13.4年 Temporary Employees 11.0年 8.5年 Part-Time Employees 4.3年 15.1年 【Average number of workers' hours worked overtime per month】 FY2022: 6.7 hours 【Percentage of workers who took paid leave】 FY2022: 64.9% Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/sustainability/society/diversity/jisedai/
Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children | Sustainability | AICELLO CORPORATION Skip global navigation and go to header navigation Skip global navigation and read the article Skip global navigation and go to local navigation Skip global navigation and go to footer navigation To Pursue True Packaging AICELLO CORPORATION About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Japanese Access Text Size/dt> S M L About Us Products Aicello Technology Sustainability Aicello Group News Contact Us Sustainability Home > Sustainability > Society > Diversity > Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Action plan to enable workers to balance work with raising children and fully take advantage of that ability by creating a work environment where it is easy to work The action plan is as follows: 1\. Duration of Plan April 1, 2020 to March 31, 2025 (five years) 2\. Details 【Create an employment environment to workers who are raising children balance their professional and family lives】 Goal 1: Implement a consultation desk and interview system to address worries about birth and nursing 〈Measures〉 Since April 2020: Implement an interview system to hear and gather thoughts and opinions from female employees before and after childbirth Since June 2020: Set up a consultation desk for women Goal 2: Encourage workers to take leave to participate in nursing 〈Measures〉 Since September 2020: Increase percentage of men who take paid leave Since April 2021: Get at least 70% of all workers to take paid leave Since April 2021: Encourage men to make use of nursing leave Since April 2022: Implement continuous awareness raising activities through company news and other measures 【Set up diverse work conditions that contribute to work style reviews】 Goal: Promote the creation of an environment where people can work flexibly 〈Measures〉 Since July 2020: Implement remote work for certain departments and divisions Since January 2021: Set up a system to take nursing and childcare leave by hours Since April 2021: Gradually expand the remote work system to more departments and divisions Sustainability Message from the President Sustainability Management Environment Society Human Resource Training Diversity Action Plan Based on the Women's Active Engagement Act Action Plan Based on the Act on Advancement of Measures to Support Raising Next-Generation Children Promotion of Health Management Respect for Human Rights and Labor Practices White Logistics Movement Governance Social Contributions Sustainability Metrics AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Privacy Policy Site Map Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/aisen/
AICHI SEN-I CO., LTD. Information We have own factory for specially producing
Nylon and Polyester monofilament. Nylon & Polyester monofilament is widely
used for kintting, textile, twisting and so on. Especially textured
monofilament has a soft and crepe touch, an excellent drape effect and a
dignity effect compare to flat monofilament. Main usage for this textured
monofilament is for dress and high quality organdy curtains. Copyright (C)
2008 AICHI SEN-I CO., LTD. All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/clbb/
What are Clean Barrier Bottles? Aicello supporting the Semiconductor Micro-
Electronics market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies
Locations Contact Us CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Safely stores and maintains quality
of Photoresists CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES LIST CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES can solve the
following Highly durable Highly durable bottle protects the content. Light
weight Light weight 300 gram bottles mitigates worker fatigue. High
cleanliness Superior manufacturing environment and quality controls endures
cleanliness. Solvent barrier properties Organic solvent barrier properties
prevent chemical weight loss and deterioration of content. Light shielding
function Light shielding function prevents penetration of UV light to
safeguard contents. 01 Highly durable 02 Light weight 03 High cleanliness 04
Solvent barrier properties 05 Light shielding function Highly durable Highly
durable bottle protects the content When a bottle breaks or shatters inside a
Cleanroom environment, not only is the content lost but the Cleanroom itself
and the machines inside will become contaminated and production will be
shutdown. Another risk is that workers would be subjected to unsafe conditions
due to spillage of chemicals. Plastic CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are light weight,
durable and less prone to breakage. This in turn mitigates risk for content
loss due to bottle breakage, increase safety for the workers and reduce risk
for machine damage. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES vs GLASS BOTTLE CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES GLASS BOTTLE CLEANLINESS ○ △ *1 HANDLING ◎ × SHATTER PROOF ◎ × UV
PROOF ○ △ TRACEABILITY ○ × ENVIROMENT *2 ○ △ *1 Depends on Treatment *2 CO 2
emission during production Light weight Light weight 300 gram bottles
mitigates worker fatigue CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES weigh only 300g and is 1/5th
the weight of glass bottles. A filled bottle also feels light compared to
glass bottles. This weight differential substantially reduces worker fatigue,
increase productivity and lessens breakage due to dropping of the bottles. The
light weight also reduces worker stress on arms and hips due to handling. High
cleanliness Superior manufacturing environment and quality controls endures
cleanliness CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are not only used in ArF and KrF resist
applications but also in the industry leading EUV resist application. The
inside wet layer is manufactured from proprietary resins which have been
exclusively designed with our resin supplier. The CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE
manufacturing lines are custom built inhouse by Aicello. Product cleanliness
is measured and inspected by liquid particle counters and ICP-MS. We can
measure down to 0.1μm particle size and ppt unit scale. Aicello rigorously
applies the latest inspection technology and control parameters to the highest
standards to provide the best possible product to market. Particle Counts
Pcs/ml Particle Size (μm) 0.07< 0.1< CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLESGL(G)PR 2.7 0.9 2.6
0.8 2.1 0.9 1.8 1.0 2.1 0.9 Method: AICELLO Method C Trace Metals ppb
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE SGL(G)PR Li Na Mg Al K Ca Ti V Cr Mn Fe Co <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 Ni Cu Zn As Ag Cd Sn Ba W Au Pb <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01 <0.01
<0.01 <0.01 Method: AICELLO Method Solvent barrier properties Organic solvent
barrier properties prevent chemical weight loss and deterioration of content
Standard plastic bottles does not prevent organic solvents from permeating
through the bottle walls. This changes the concentration of the chemicals
filled in the bottles. However, CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are designed with a
barrier material in the central layer of the bottle wall. With this barrier
layer, the concentration of the filled chemical is protected and can protect
the content from any outside impact. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are trusted and
used in many industries for a variety of applications. Chemical Weight Loss
Chemical Weight Loss (％) Xylene NMP Cyclo-pentanone CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES 0.02
<0.01 <0.01 HDPE BOTTLE 1.00< 0.03 0.05 Conditions:23℃ for 6months Chemical
Weight Loss (％) = (Weight at filling - Weight after the test) / Weight at
filling ×100 Light shielding function Light shielding function prevents
penetration of UV light to safeguard contents Chemicals are affected by UV
light. Photo-sensitive materials such as photoresists required light shielding
packaging to protect the quality. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE have a colored
protective outside layer which blocks UV light from reaching the inside
content. We also have a visual verification type CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES which
lets visible light pass through but blocks UV light under 250nm wavelengths.
This allows for workers to visually check the amount of chemicals left in the
bottle while providing UV light protection. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE’s Line up
weight size color Remarks 100ml 100ml CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 19g WD:Φ48 H:95
d:Φ24.15 brown Small size CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES For retainer samples 250ml
250ml CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 32g WD:Φ63 H:123 d:Φ24.15 brown Small size
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES For retainer samples 1L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE TYPE A
ROUND (C) 100g WD:Φ91.5 H:217 d:Φ22.5 brown CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE original
AICELLO design 1L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE QT 110g WD:Φ92.1 H:233.5 d:Φ26 gray 1L
BOTTLE with the same mouth shape as a standard QUART BOTTLE 1L CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLE UVN SD 100g WD:Φ91.5 H:216 d:Φ28 white Allows for the user to visually
check the liquid content level while blocking out UV light. 3.8L CLEANBARRIER™
PSI 320g (423) WD:Φ168 H:312.6 d:Φ27.8 brown Pressurized feed and Low Residual
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 3.8L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE SGL 300g WD:Φ168 H:312.6
d:Φ27.8 brown/gray Original CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 'PR' is a high quality grade
WD:Wide/Diameter , L:Length , H:Height , d:Inner Diameter of mouth ( ) is the
weight with chime/handle CLEANBARRIER™ PR - High grade model is available for
companies requiring the latest quality technology The basic design is the same
as a standard CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES. The difference is that the PR series is
manufactured under tighter production control parameters to produce a higher
quality grade bottle. Due to the market requiring higher quality products, the
shift towards the PR grade is occuring in recent years. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES
vs CLEANBARRIER™ PR CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEANBARRIER™ PR Color
Gray(G)/Brown(C) Gray(G) Package 20 bottles/bag 1bottle/bag Manufacturing
Enviroment Class 1000 Class 100 Particle guarantee 0.2μm< 0.07μm< Trace Metal
guarantee Non 23 elements Pressurized feed Non Depend on the grade Inquries
Aicello Global Support Network is here to support your needs. Aicello is able
to support customer inquiries by applying our knowledge and expertise. We have
many years of industry experience. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with
us. Locations Contact Other clean products See products by function Standard
Clean Bottles Clean Drums Clean Bags More Clean Bottles Reasons AICELLO and
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected Advantages Q&A and Case Studies Case
Studies List of CLEAN BOTTLES Handling Locations locations Home CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES CleanContainers AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi,
Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Page top
Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/products/
Clean Bottles Series. Aicello supporting the Semiconductor Micro-Electronics
market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities
Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact
Us CLEAN BOTTLES Clean plastic bottles that provide advantages over metal or
glass containers STANDARD CLEAN BOTTLES LIST Aicello first produced Clean
bottles in 1985. Products are available from 100ml - 40L sizes. We also have
200L drums available. All our bottles and containers incorporate Aicello's
clean technology and have low particle and metal ion properties. Our bottles
have gained trust and recognition for our quality control and many functions
incorporated into our products. Series Line up Standard Clean Bottles Clean
Drums Standard Clean Bottles What Clean bottles are able to solve Unmatched
Clean Quality Carefully selected raw materials, superior production
environment and quality control maintains chemical quality inside the bottle.
Weight Reduction and Increased Durability Durable and light weight bottles
reduce worker fatigue and increase safety. Development Various deigns and
closures to accommodate many applications. UN Certified Products UN Certified
Bottles are available within Aicello's 1L - 200L product portfolio (Please
inquire for details) STANDARD CLEAN BOTTLES 01 Unmatched Clean Quality 02
Weight Reduction and Increased Durability 03 Development Unmatched Clean
Quality Carefully selected raw materials, superior production environment and
quality control maintains chemical quality inside the bottle. Aicello Clean
Bottles are manufactued with proprietary resins at our customized production
facility under tightly controlled environment. Compared to metal of glass
bottles, Aicello bottles are able to provide peace of mind for customers
wanting to maintain the quality of their products. Particle Counts Pcs/ml
Particle Size (μm) 0.2< 0.3< CLEAN BOTTLE 1.7 0.5 1.5 0.5 1.8 0.6 1.6 0.4 1.1
0.2 Method: AICELLO Method B Trace Metals ppb CLEAN BOTTLE Li Na Mg Al K Ca Ti
V Cr Mn Fe Co <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 Ni Cu Zn As
Ag Cd Sn Ba W Au Pb <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05
<0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 <0.05 Method: AICELLO Method Weight
Reduction and Increased Durability Durable and light weight bottles reduce
worker fatigue and increase safety. Loss of chemical content and
contamination, human caused errors and damaged containers all result in
significant financial and productivity loss for customers. Clean bottles made
from plastic resins are durable, light and easy to handle compared to glass
and metal containers. Aicello bottles not only protects the inside content
quality but provides peace of mind for workers handling the product.
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES vs GLASS BOTTLE CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES GLASS BOTTLE
CLEANLINESS ○ △ *1 HANDLING ◎ × SHATTER PROOF ◎ × UV PROOF ○ △ TRACEABILITY ○
× ENVIROMENT *2 ○ △ *1 Depends on Treatment *2 CO 2 emission during production
Development Various deigns and closures to accomodate many applications. From
process restriction to production environment, chemicals being filled require
flexible packaging options to accomodate the needs from start to end. Clean
bottles are manufactured with resins which provide flexible solutions for
packaging design. If you are faced with challenges in packaging, please do not
hesitate to inquire about our products. Standard Clean Bottles - Lineup
100ml〜3.8L weight size color Remarks 100ml AC-100 16g WD:Φ48 H:95 d:Φ24.15
white/brown Several grades depending on cap type 250ml AC-250 28g WD:Φ63 H:123
d:Φ24.15 white/brown Several grades depending on cap type 500ml 500ml ROUND SD
55g WD:Φ80 H:153 d:Φ44.3 white/brown 500ml AC-500 WIDE MOUTH ROUND 55g WD:Φ80
H:153 d:Φ44.3 white/brown Wide Mouth BOTTLE for high viscosity or powder
contents 1L 1L ROUND UN SD 100g WD:Φ91.5 H:215 d:Φ28 brown UN certified 1L
BOTTLE 1L 1L TYPE A ROUND 100g WD:Φ91.5 H:215 d:Φ28 white/brown 1L CLEAN
BOTTLE original AICELLO design 1L 1L WIDE MOUTH ROUND LS 73g WD:Φ99.5 H:189
d:Φ44.2 brown Wide Mouth BOTTLE for high viscosity or powder contents 2L 2L
CLEAN WM 165g WD:Φ125 H:244 d:Φ85 brown Wide Mouth BOTTLE for high viscosity
or powder contents 3.8L NEW GALLON 300g WD:Φ168 H:305 d:Φ30 gray/white GALLON
BOTTLE original AICELLO design WD:Wide/Diameter , L:Length , H:Height ,
d:Inner Diameter of mouth 5L〜10L weight size color Remarks 5L 5L F TW 400g
WD:150 L:205 H:275 d:Φ38 white 5L 5L SMOOTH FLOW BOTTLE 450g WD:128 L:250
H:285 d:Φ43.7 white Pulsation Dampening Series 10L 10L SMOOTH FLOW BOTTLE 700g
WD:173 L:265 H:332 d:Φ43.7 white Pulsation Dampening Series 10L 10L CLEAN
ROUND WITH HANDLE 700g WD:Φ215 H:380 d:Φ48 gray/white 10L 10L FLAT 700g WD:170
L:270 H:290 d:Φ50.3 white 10L 10L SQUARE 1000g WD:230 L:230 H:280 d:Φ50.3
gray/white 10L 10L WIDE MOUTH BOTTLE WITH HANDLE 700g WD:Φ215 H:376 d:Φ95
white Wide Mouth BOTTLE for high viscosity or powder contents WD:Wide/Diameter
, L:Length , H:Height , d:Inner Diameter of mouth 20L〜40L weight size color
Remarks 20L 20L square can 1700g WD:265 L:265 H:400 d:Φ50.3 gray/white 20L 20L
flat can 1700g WD:180 L:350 H:410 d:Φ48 gray/white 20L 20L anti-pulsation
1300g WD:206 L:353 H:431 d:Φ50.3 white Pulsation Dampening Series 20L 20L LR
1645g (1350) WDΦ:300 H:414 d:Φ48.3 gray Low Residual LR series 40L 40L LR
3160g (2650) WDΦ:322 H:710 d:Φ48 gray Low Residual LR series WD:Wide/Diameter
, L:Length , H:Height , d:Inner Diameter of mouth ( ) is the weight with
chime/handle Clean Drums Characteristics of Clean Drums Superior clean
properties compared to metal drums Drums are manufactured with clean
polyethylene base materials to provide cleanliness that metal drums cannot
achieve. Applications such as high purity chemicals for the Semiconductor
industry and other applications use Aicello drums. Light weight compared to
metal drums Aicello drums are made from polyethylene. Our drums are lighter
and easier to handle than metal drums. Dispense System Aicello Milim(Korea)
manufactured drums come with a propriatary dispense system. There are several
options available. Please inquire for details. Contact Us More Highly
Functional Containers Introducing CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES with solvent barrier,
light shielding and Clean properties Durable bottles less prone to breakage
protects the chemical content. Bottle weighs only 300g to reduce worker
fatigue. Superior production environment and quality control ensures Organic
solvent barrier properties prevent chemical weight loss and deterioration of
content Light shielding function prevents penetration of UV light to safeguard
contents CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Other clean products See products by function
More Clean Bottles Reasons AICELLO and CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected
Advantages Q&A and Case Studies Case Studies List of CLEAN BOTTLES Handling
Locations locations Inquries Aicello Global Support Network is here to support
your needs. Aicello is able to support customer inquiries by applying our
knowledge and expertise. We have many years of industry experience. Please do
not hesitate to get in touch with us. Locations Contact Home CLEAN BOTTLES
series CleanContainers AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi,
Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Page top
Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/functionalities/
Functions of Clean Bottles. Aicello supporting the Semiconductor Micro-
Electronics market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies
Locations Contact Us Functionalities Aicello Clean Bottles are synonymous for
being very Clean. Other important functions are also available to solve
customer issues. Aicello Clean Bottles integrate multiple functions to
accommodate various needs in industry. Organic solvents permeate through the
bottles to cause chemical weight loss and deform bottles. 01 Organic solvent
barrier function CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE Containers shatter if dropped or hit 02
Highly Durable and Light Weight CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE CLEAN BOTTLES Residual
chemicals inside leading to waste. 03 Low Residual LR series Potential work
place hazards and contamination risk are reduced 04 Pulsation Dampening
function Pulsation Dampening Series Allows for the user to visually check the
liquid content level while blocking out UV light. 05 Cuts visible UV light
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE UVN 01 Organic solvent barrier function CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES Standard plastic bottles does not prevent organic solvents from
permeating through the bottle walls. This changes the concentration of the
chemicals filled in the bottles. However, Clean CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are
desigend with a barrier material in the central layer of the bottle wall. With
this barrier layer, the concentration of the filled chemical is protected and
can protect the content from any outside impact. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are
trusted and used in many industries for a variety of applications. Lineup
100ml 100ml CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 250ml 250ml CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE 1L
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE TYPE A ROUND (C) 1L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE QT 1L
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE UVN SD 3.8L CLEANBARRIER™ PSI 3.8L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE
SGL CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES learn More 02 Highly Durable and Light Weight
Polyethylene based Clean bottles are light weight, durable and less prone to
breakage compared to glass. This in turn mitigates risk for content loss due
to bottle breakage, increase safety for the workers and reduce risk for
machine damage. CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Learn More CLEAN BOTTLES Learn More 03
Low Residual LR series bottles The inside bottom of the bottle has a concave
center with a convex ring on the outer portion where expensive residual
chemicals cannot be extracted by a centrally located diptube extraction
method. The LR series bottles have a convex bottom which allows for a
centrally located diptube to extract as much chemical as possible. LR bottles
are available in 20L, 40L and 4L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES. Lineup 3.8L
CLEANBARRIER™ PSI 20L 20L LR 40L 40L LR 04 Pulsation Dampening Function
Pulsation Dampening Series When the container is tilted and the chemical is
poured, a pulsation phenomenon occurs due to the repeated discharge of the
internal solution and the inflow of air and causes chemicals to scatter. The
pulsation dampening series can discharge the chemical and inflow of air at the
same time. This prevents pulsation and chemical scattering. As a result,
potential work place hazards and contamination risk are reduced. Standard
Bottle Pulsation Dampening Bottle Lineup 5L 5L SMOOTH FLOW BOTTLE 10L 10L
SMOOTH FLOW BOTTLE 20L 20L SMOOTH FLOW BOTTLE 05 Cuts visible UV light
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE UVN When using colored resins to make bottles, the light
cannot penetrate the bottle wall and the inside content cannot be seen. Visual
Verification UV bottles allows for the user to visually check the liquid
content level while blocking out UV light. UVN bottles are available 1L
natural and 4L light grey. Standard Natural Bottle Although not 100%, standard
natural bottles allows visual light to pass through the bottles allowing the
user to see the content. UV light also passes through the bottle damaging the
content. Standard UV Shielding Bottle Standard light shielding bottles do not
allow UV light to pass through the bottles. However it also prevents visible
light from passing through which prevents users from seeing the content.
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE UVN Although not 100%, UVN barrier bottles allows for
some visible light to pass through the bottles allowing the user to see the
content. However, the UV light does not pass through, thus protecting the
content. Lineup 1L CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLE UVN SD More on Clean Bottles
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Standard Clean Bottles Clean Drums More Clean Bottles
Reasons AICELLO and CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected Advantages Q&A and Case
Studies Case Studies List of CLEAN BOTTLES Handling Locations locations
Inquries Aicello Global Support Network is here to support your needs. Aicello
is able to support customer inquiries by applying our knowledge and expertise.
We have many years of industry experience. Please do not hesitate to get in
touch with us. Locations Contact Home Functionalities CleanContainers AICELLO
CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN
Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case
Studies Locations Contact Us Page top Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All
Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/advantages/
Advantages of Clean Bottles. Aicello supporting the Semiconductor Micro-
Electronics market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies
Locations Contact Us Advantages Clean bottles incorporates multiple
functionalities other than clean properties. Users of Aicello Clean bottles
rely and trust Aicello as the pioneer of Clean bottle technology Aicello is
selected for various reasons 01 Reliable Product Manufacturing 02 Ideas which
generate Results 03 Long Standing Clean Products Culture 01 Reliable Product
Manufacturing Manufacturing of highly clean and functional plastics bottles
that cannot be replicated by other manufacturers Aicello engages with multiple
raw materials suppliers to improve quality. Aicello has inhouse mold and
production machine production capabilites which allows us to customize clean
specifications. The merging of our superior raw materials with our customized
molding production facilities is what makes Aicello unique. Clean Bottles are
manufactured under strict quality control processes in Aicello's Cleanroom
production facility. Aicello has been measuring micro particle counts and
metal ion particles since 1996. Accumulation of these data fed back to product
development and quality controls revolutionized our product quality.
Accessible Techno Center This is a facility for developing products that
respond to the needs of customers while conducting open technical
communications with customers. It is equipped with various types of equipment
to conduct experiments, prototype creation, analysis, and measurement as
required for development. As a founding member of the SCC: Semiconductor
Climate Consortium, Aicello constantly engages in climate change issues.
Aicello Corporation is a founding member of the Semiconductor Climate
Consortium (SCC). SCC was established by Semiconductor Equipment and
Manufacturing International (SEMI), an organization with members represented
by companies in the semiconductor value chain and the electronics
manufacturing and design supply chain. SCC is the first global collaborative
project by semiconductor companies committed to reducing greenhouse gas
emissions. Individually, SEMI member companies have made significant strides
in sustainability, but they must pool industry resources to meet the daunting
decarbonization challenges and meet tracking and reporting requirements across
the value chain. SCC members aim to set and prioritize sustainability goals
and bring together the global semiconductor supply chain to create solutions.
SEMICONDUCTOR CLIMATE CONSORTIUM Aicello's goal and reduction actitivities for
greenhouse gas emmisions 02 Ideas which generate Results Recommendations are
based on Aicello's multiple data analysis , development, design and converting
expertise. Ideas and support based on our expertise Aicello Clean Bottle
production started over 30 years ago. Since introduction of our first bottle
production, Aicello has overcome many challenges and accomodated countless
customer requirements. Our expertise is based on these experiences. Utilizing
Blow molding/Injection molding/Extrusion Film Technologies Aicello holds many
resin converting technologies from blow mold manufacturing of Clean bottles,
injection molding manufacturing for caps and part to inflation blown films
manufacturing of films and bags. Aicello has a dedicated subsidiary for
machine design, mold design and converting. 03 Long Standing Clean Products
Culture Superior raw material, customized molding machine, precise analytical
technology all play a part in the manufacturing of Clean bottles. These are
the pillars of Aicello's Clean Products Culture that is entwined in the
manufacturing process. Operation management systems are important but Operator
pride and confidence play a crucial role in production. Aicello Clean Products
Culture took many years to take shape and we consider this to be our greatest
asset. Aicello's Progressive Clean Technology Merging the latest technology
with Aicello's experience to produce superior clean bottles. Carefully
selected raw materials based on inhouse analysis to produce high quality clean
bottles. Inhouse mold manufacturing technology to produce stable quality clean
bottles D(Defect)-Zero Project Semiconductor technology is continuously
evolving with no end. This evolutionary path's ultimate goal defect ZERO. This
ultimate goal of defect Zero may be unattainable but Aicello has decided to
embark on a defect Zero goal for our bottles. The D-Zero project is the
driving force in Aicello's Clean bottle evolution. Aicello CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES are used in various industries See More Case Studies About other
products See products by function CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES Clean Bottles Clean
Bags Inquries Aicello Global Support Network is here to support your needs.
Aicello is able to support customer inquiries by applying our knowledge and
expertise. We have many years of industry experience. Please do not hesitate
to get in touch with us. Locations Contact Home Advantages CleanContainers
AICELLO CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115
JAPAN Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages
Case Studies Locations Contact Us Page top Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All
Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/case/
Real world applications and case studies. Aicello supporting the Semiconductor
Micro-Electronics market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE
Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home Products
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies
Locations Contact Us Case Studies The following are some examples of actual
application implemented by Aicello Clean Bottles users. Customer's voice
Aicello bottles are the go to bottles for advanced materials. [ Materials
supplier for Semiconductor Industry ] We cannot deliver our products without
Aicello Clean Bottles. We appreicate the stable quality, supply and service
your company is providing. [ Materials supplier for Semiconductor Industry ]
We are recommending Aicello to our suppliers as well!! [ Materials supplier
for Semiconductor Industry ] Clean barrier bottles filled with chemicals can
be set and used in manufacturing equipment such as coaters. Image provided by
Tokyo Electron Ltd. Customer Reviews Your fast service and leadtimes is
appreciated. As a result we avoided production downtime. [ Pigment
Manufacturer ] We have peace of mind using Aicello brand products. [ Pigment
Manufacturer ] We rely upon Aicello's vast knowledge of industry as we have
many dealings with customers in this industry. [ Food additive manufacturer ]
The support provided for audits was superb. Data base management was
excellent. [ Chemical supplier for LCD panel industry ] There are no quality
issues and we trust Aicello products. [ Materials suppliers for cosmetics ]
FAQ About our Product Sales & Other Process leading up to final selection
About our Product Q What is the bottle's base material? A： The inside facing
the wet layer is polyethylene. Q What are the sizes available? A： We have
sizes from 100ml - 200L. Q What is the cleanliness level? A： Our bottles are
used for the latest photoresist materials in the semiconductor industry. Q Are
your bottles comparable to glass? A： Yes our bottles are comparable to glass.
Q How durable are your bottles? A： Since our bottles are manufactured with
polyethylene, it is not recommended to be subjected to high pressurization.
However, our bottles can be subjected to low pressurization. Q Are you able to
manufacture custom sizes and designs? A： There are limitations but we are able
to customize based on customer requirements. Please inquiry for details. Sales
& Other Q Are COA's available? A： When finalizing product specifications
before purchase, COA issuance can be applied as an option for every lot
purchased. Q Who conducts the particle and metal ion tests for your bottles?
A： Both particle and metal ion tests are done inhouse at Aicello. Q What is
the particle testing methodology? A： Aicello has our own testing methods. The
details are disclosed once product specifications are finalized before
purchase. Q Who are your bottles sold to? A： Aicello supplies to the
Semiconductor, LCD display, fine printing, pharmaceutical, cosmetics and food
industries. Q Where can I contact to discuss an inquiry? A： For the Japanese
domestic market, the Tokyo, Osaka and Fukuoka sales offices are available. For
overseas, the North America, China, Korea and Germany sales offices are
available. Please contact our nearest sales offices. Q Are there distributors
available? A： Our standard sales route is to handle transactions directly with
our customers. Q Where are your products manufactured? A： Aicello bottles are
manufactured at our headquarters in Toyohashi, Aichi Japan. We also have a
joint venture company in Korea that has the same cleanliness manufacturing
capabilities. Q What are the prices for your bottles? A： Please inquire to one
of our sales office as pricing varies by product specification, delivery
location and quantity. Q What is the material of the bottle? A： The inside wet
layer of the container is polyethylene. Process leading up to final selection
01 Inquiry 02 Discussion between customers and Aicello specialists 03
Providing samples for evaluation 04 Finalizing and signing of product
specifications 05 Start of business transactions Inquries Aicello Global
Support Network is here to support your needs. Aicello is able to support
customer inquiries by applying our knowledge and expertise. We have many years
of industry experience. Please do not hesitate to get in touch with us.
Locations Contact Reasons Aicello and CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES are Selected See
More Advantages About other products See products by function CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES Clean Bottles Clean Bags Home Case Studies CleanContainers AICELLO
CORPORATION 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN
Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case
Studies Locations Contact Us Page top Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All
Rights Reserved.


 
https://www.aicello.com/product-site/cleancontainers/locations/
Aicello Global offices supplying Clean Bottles. Aicello supporting the
Semiconductor Micro-Electronics market. Home Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES
CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies Locations Contact Us Home
Products CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case
Studies Locations Contact Us Locations Please do not hesitate to contact us
Please do not hesitate to contact one of our Global Support Offices Head
Office Japan AICELLO CORPORATION ADDRESS 45 Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi,
Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN TEL (+81)532-88-4558 FAX (+81)532-88-3229
Overseas Office Germany AICELLO-HARKE GmbH ADDRESS Xantener Straße 1 45479
Mülheim an der Ruhr, Germany TEL (+49)208-3069-1320 FAX (+49)208-3069-1321 USA
AICELLO AMERICA CORPORATION ADDRESS 182 Nassau Street, Suite 303, Princeton,
NJ 08542 USA TEL (+1)609-436-5711 FAX (+1)609-497-3940 Canada AICELLO NORTH
AMERICA INC. ADDRESS Suite #505-171 West Esplanade North Vancouver, BC V7M
3J9, Canada TEL (+1)604-980-3285 FAX (+1)604-980-3965 China AICELLO (SHANGHAI)
TRADING CO., LTD. ADDRESS Room 715, Shanghai International Trade Center, West
Yan'an Road 2201, Changning District, Shanghai, China TEL (+86)21-6236-1693
FAX (+86)21-6236-1692 Thailand AICELLO (THAILAND) CO., LTD. ADDRESS 41/42-43
(E5-E6) Moo6 Bangna-Trad Road, Km. 16.5, Bangcha-long Sub-district, Bangplee
District, Samutprakarn 10540, Thailand TEL (+66)2752-2584-7 FAX (+66)2752-2588
Korea AICELLO MILIM CO., LTD. ADDRESS 92, Gongdan 1-daero, Siheung-si,
Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea TEL (+82)31-497-8217 FAX (+82)31-497-8219
Inquries Aicello Global Support Network is here to support your needs. Aicello
is able to support customer inquiries by applying our knowledge and expertise.
We have many years of industry experience. Please do not hesitate to get in
touch with us. Contact More Clean Bottles Reasons AICELLO and CLEANBARRIER™
BOTTLES are Selected Advantages Q&A and Case Studies Case Studies Product
Features Functionalities Home Locations CleanContainers AICELLO CORPORATION 45
Koshikawa, Ishimakihonmachi, Toyohashi, Aichi 441-1115 JAPAN Products
CLEANBARRIER™ BOTTLES CLEAN BOTTLE Functionalities Advantages Case Studies
Locations Contact Us Page top Copyright© AICELLO CORPORATION All Rights
Reserved.

