
 
https://srkbiopharma.co.in
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact Previous Next APIs A substance or compound that is intended to be used in the manufacture of a pharmaceutical product as a therapeutically active compound (ingredient) More ... Intermediates The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Industry is the organ by which active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured from raw materials More ... impurities Any component of the medicinal product which is not the chemical entity defined as the active substance or an excipient of the product More ... Dosage Formulations A Finished Dosage Form is a finished drug product resulting from Finished Dosage Formulation (FDF), the various processes involved in production such as manufacturing, More ... Products Trimetazidine Hydrochloride Telmisartan Olemesartan Candey Sartan Darunavir Services Custom Synthesis Synthesis of Impurity standards and metabolites Sourcing of Innovator samples Sourcing of APis Sourcing of Intermediates Analytical method development and validations About SRK Bio Pharma SRK BIO PHARMA Pvt Ltd is an integrated services Provider offering its expertise in API INTERMEDIATES, Custom Synthesis, Analytical services and outsourcing, with a right blend of competent people, state-of-the-art infrastructure facilities, cutting-edge technology and certified processes to enable your development pipeline with time & cost advantages Since its inception, SRK BIO PHARMA has been servicing customers across the globe and has capabilities to serve veteran pharmaceutical companies, API manufacturers. RESPONSIBILITIES: SRK bio pharma helps you focus on the business results that matter to your company. Over the years, we have leveraged our position in the global market with an enviable list of clients and a phenomenal growth rate achieved through product innovation, dedicated teams and timely implementation of solutions. New Products Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products APIs Intermediates Impurities Connect With Us Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/index.html
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact Previous Next APIs A substance or compound that is intended to be used in the manufacture of a pharmaceutical product as a therapeutically active compound (ingredient) More ... Intermediates The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Industry is the organ by which active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured from raw materials More ... impurities Any component of the medicinal product which is not the chemical entity defined as the active substance or an excipient of the product More ... Dosage Formulations A Finished Dosage Form is a finished drug product resulting from Finished Dosage Formulation (FDF), the various processes involved in production such as manufacturing, More ... Products Trimetazidine Hydrochloride Telmisartan Olemesartan Candey Sartan Darunavir Services Custom Synthesis Synthesis of Impurity standards and metabolites Sourcing of Innovator samples Sourcing of APis Sourcing of Intermediates Analytical method development and validations About SRK Bio Pharma SRK BIO PHARMA Pvt Ltd is an integrated services Provider offering its expertise in API INTERMEDIATES, Custom Synthesis, Analytical services and outsourcing, with a right blend of competent people, state-of-the-art infrastructure facilities, cutting-edge technology and certified processes to enable your development pipeline with time & cost advantages Since its inception, SRK BIO PHARMA has been servicing customers across the globe and has capabilities to serve veteran pharmaceutical companies, API manufacturers. RESPONSIBILITIES: SRK bio pharma helps you focus on the business results that matter to your company. Over the years, we have leveraged our position in the global market with an enviable list of clients and a phenomenal growth rate achieved through product innovation, dedicated teams and timely implementation of solutions. New Products Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products APIs Intermediates Impurities Connect With Us Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/about.html
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Facility Contact About Us SRK Bio Pharma Pvt Ltd is an integrated services Provider offering its expertise in API intermediates, Custom Synthesis, Analytical services and outsourcing, with a right blend of competent people, state-of-the-art infrastructure facilities, cutting-edge technology and certified processes to enable your development pipeline with time & cost advantages Since its inception, SRK Bio Pharma private limited has been servicing customers across the globe and has capabilities to serve veteran pharmaceutical companies, API manufacturers & clinical CROs. Our Managing director is post graduate in organic chemistry & MBA in international marketing and has been working in the pharmaceutical industry since 2001. We have extensive experience in custom synthesis, developing analytical techniques for ensuring the quality of your APIs &Intermediates, specialty fine chemicals and allowing us to act as your strategic partner. Prouducts: APIs Intermediates Impurities Dosage Formulation Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products Facebook Linkedin Google+ Connect With Us Facebook YouTube Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015 >>>>>>>


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/services.html
SRK Bio Pharma APIs Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit
Clients Contact Analytical Services Research services Research Services: •
With the state of the art infrastructure including a Preparative HPLC, we are
capable of doing Design and scale-up, Synthesis of pharmaceutical related
substances from mg to kg. • Isolation, Identification, Characterization and
Structure Elucidation and synthesis of: >> Impurities >> Metabolites >>
Degradation Products • Use state-of-the-art instrumentation like NMR, FTIR,
Mass, LC/MS/MS and GC/MS. • SRK Bio Pharma is fully equipped with the latest
analytical instrumentation, allowing on-site support of R&D activities. • We
have a Chemistry Lab space with expandable capacity of 5,000 sq ft • Equipped
with walk in Fume hoods and the Heildolph Rotavapors Prouducts: APIs
Intermediates Impurities Dosage Formulations Latest News Formulations and bulk
drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is
the chemical molecule [...] Products Facebook Linkedin Google+ Connect With Us
Facebook YouTube Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in
Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015
>>>>>>>>>>


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/products.html
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact SRK Products Research services API A substance or compound that is intended to be used in the manufacture of a pharmaceutical product as a therapeutically active compound (ingredient) [Product Details...] Intermediates The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Industry is the organ by which active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured from raw materials through both chemical and physical means. Depending on the complexity of the molecule required, synthesis of APIs might need multi-step complex chemistry utilizing a range of processing technologies. [Product Details...] Impurities Any component of the medicinal product which is not the chemical entity defined as the active substance or an excipient of the product Various regulatory authorities like ICH, USFDA, Canadian Drug and Health Agency are emphasizing on the purity requirements and the identification of impurities in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient’s (API’s). [Product Details...] Dosage Formulation A Finished Dosage Form is a finished drug product resulting from Finished Dosage Formulation (FDF), the various processes involved in production such as manufacturing, testing, and subsequent approval for consumption and delivery to the public. Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API’s), responsible for the results the user gets after taking the dosage forms, are involved in the FDF along with inactive ingredients (excipients) which serve as a medium for the active ingredients to function. FDF is a critical stage in the product lifecycle and can only be achieved if the manufacturing facility of a pharmaceutical company or Contract Manufacturing Organization is up to a high-end standard. This is a major reason why some companies are into out-licensing since they don’t have the standard manufacturing facility to produce the dosage forms. Processes Involved in Finished Dosage Formulation Development The processes involved here are quite complex. Analysis comes first involving the active pharmaceutical ingredients and excipients. A compatibility study is also done between them. Next is the formulation development which includes the definition of quantitative and qualitative formulas, formulating the manufacturing method, and establishment of in-process controls. The next process is the main manufacturing process, which then proceeds to quality control, clinical trials, stability studies and manufacturing regulations before the drug product is transferred to the client if it’s been conducted by a pharmaceutical contract manufacturing organization. [Product Details...] Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products APIs Intermediates Impurities Connect With Us Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015 >>


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/r_d.html
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact Previous Next APIs A substance or compound that is intended to be used in the manufacture of a pharmaceutical product as a therapeutically active compound (ingredient) More ... Intermediates The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Industry is the organ by which active pharmaceutical ingredients are manufactured from raw materials More ... impurities Any component of the medicinal product which is not the chemical entity defined as the active substance or an excipient of the product More ... Metabolites are the intermediates and products of metabolism. The term metabolite is usually restricted to small molecules. More ... Products Trimetazidine Hydrochloride Telmisartan Olemesartan Candey Sartan Darunavir Services Custom Synthesis Synthesis of Impurity standards and metabolites Sourcing of Innovator samples Sourcing of APIs Sourcing of Intermediates About SRK Bio Pharma SRK Bio Pharma Pvt Ltd is an integrated services Provider offering its expertise in API intermediates, Custom Synthesis, Analytical services and outsourcing, with a right blend of competent people, state-of-the-art infrastructure facilities, cutting-edge technology and certified processes to enable your development pipeline with time & cost advantages Since its inception, SRK Bio Pharma private limited has been servicing customers across the globe and has capabilities to serve veteran pharmaceutical companies, API manufacturers & clinical CROs. Our Managing director is post graduate in organic chemistry & MBA in international marketing and has been working in the pharmaceutical industry since 2001. New Products Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products APIs Intermediates Impurities Connect With Us Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/manufacturing_unit.html
SRK Bio Pharma | APIs, Intermediates, impurities, Metabolites Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact Manufacturing Unit And Equipment Equipment list : 5 KL SS Reactor - 1 No. 3 KL SS Reactor - 3 Nos. 2 KL SS Reactor - 1 No. 3 KL GL Reactor - 2 Nos. 2 KL GL Reactor - 1 No. 5 KL PP FRP with agitator - 1 No. 1.0 KL SS HVD reactor 48 inch centrifuge - 2 Nos 36 inch centrifuge - 1 100 lts Leaf filters - 2 Nos. 96 Trays TD-1 No. 48 Trays Dryer - 1 No. 1 Ton Boiler - 1 No. 28 TR Brine Plant (-20 deg C) - 1 No. 54 TR water chiller(+5 degC)-1No 150TR Cooling towers -2 Nos. 200 cfm compressor - 1 No. High Vacuum system - 1 No. Vacuum system - 2 No. Double stage Scrubber system - 1 No. 30 KL per day softener water plant - 1No. Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical molecule [...] Products APIs Intermediates Impurities Connect With Us Facebook Linkedin Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone : +91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015 >>


 
http://srkbiopharma.co.in/clients.html
APIs - Home About Services Products R&D Manufacturing Unit Clients Contact
Analytical Services Our Clients Aurobindo Hetero drugs Dr. reddys R.L. fine
chem Sequent scientific Apotex Cipla Biocon Micro labs Achievements .....
..... ..... Success Stories Latest News Formulations and bulk drugs A bulk
drug — also called active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) — is the chemical
molecule [...] Products Facebook Linkedin Google+ Connect With Us Facebook
YouTube Google+ Contact Us INDIA. E-mail : info@srkbiopharma.co.in Telephone :
+91 9642789508 SRK Bio Pharma., © All Rights Reseverd - 2015
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

