
 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact A state-of-
the-art Fill/Finish CMO located in the healthcare hub of the Pacific Northwest
A reliable supply of your products is critical to the health of patients. At
Selkirk, we know that your partner CMO is essential in manufacturing product
to meet your patient's needs. Selkirk can help you maintain a reliable supply
by making your products in a facility that uses the most current filling
technology with automatic data acquisition and digital quality management
systems. What We Do Liquid Vials Clinical & Commercial Our Partnership
Philosophy Your products are our products, your patients are our patients We
believe that the safety and availability of drug products are the most
important priorities for our clients. We work with every client in a
partnership model that relies on the active engagement and accountability of
all team members to make certain these priorities are fulfilled. Our Facility
Purpose built contract manufacturing facility with unidirectional flow
throughout Fully integrated, high yield, Bausch + Strobel VarioSys flex
filling lines State-of-the-art SKAN isolator system Dedicated compounding
rooms for each flex filling line 15,000 sq ft of controlled temperature and
refrigerated storage Our facility Our Capabilities How can we help you?
Validation of analytical test methods Microbiological, sterility, bioburden,
B/F, endotoxin testing ICH Stability testing Real time QA review and automated
data acquisition Fully integrated inventory, and QMS Systems Our capabilities
Our People The Selkirk Team Selkirk is fortunate to have a team that is
comprised of talented, dedicated, multidisciplinary professionals. On average,
our employees have over 20 years industry experience. We enjoy our work,
appreciate where we live and are grateful for the opportunity to be part of an
industry that makes a difference in people's lives. About us Vial Capacity Now
Available New capacity available 2022 How can we help you? Contact us Download
overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA
99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact A state-of-
the-art Fill/Finish CMO located in the healthcare hub of the Pacific Northwest
A reliable supply of your products is critical to the health of patients. At
Selkirk, we know that your partner CMO is essential in manufacturing product
to meet your patient's needs. Selkirk can help you maintain a reliable supply
by making your products in a facility that uses the most current filling
technology with automatic data acquisition and digital quality management
systems. What We Do Liquid Vials Clinical & Commercial Our Partnership
Philosophy Your products are our products, your patients are our patients We
believe that the safety and availability of drug products are the most
important priorities for our clients. We work with every client in a
partnership model that relies on the active engagement and accountability of
all team members to make certain these priorities are fulfilled. Our Facility
Purpose built contract manufacturing facility with unidirectional flow
throughout Fully integrated, high yield, Bausch + Strobel VarioSys flex
filling lines State-of-the-art SKAN isolator system Dedicated compounding
rooms for each flex filling line 15,000 sq ft of controlled temperature and
refrigerated storage Our facility Our Capabilities How can we help you?
Validation of analytical test methods Microbiological, sterility, bioburden,
B/F, endotoxin testing ICH Stability testing Real time QA review and automated
data acquisition Fully integrated inventory, and QMS Systems Our capabilities
Our People The Selkirk Team Selkirk is fortunate to have a team that is
comprised of talented, dedicated, multidisciplinary professionals. On average,
our employees have over 20 years industry experience. We enjoy our work,
appreciate where we live and are grateful for the opportunity to be part of an
industry that makes a difference in people's lives. About us Vial Capacity Now
Available New capacity available 2022 How can we help you? Contact us Download
overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA
99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/about-us
About Us About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact “There was
a language in the world that everyone understood ... It was the language of
enthusiasm, of things accomplished with love and purpose, and as part of a
search for something believed in....” The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho Our
Mission We envision a world where safe and effective medication is accessible
for every patient every time it's needed. In pursuit of that vision, ‍ Our
mission is to build the world’s most reliable manufacturer of injectable drug
product. Selkirk was founded in 2018 by industry veterans with a vision for
building a world class contract manufacturing organization. This vision grew
from years of frustration with unresponsive CMOs, rejected batches, regulatory
issues and an overall lack of capacity to reliably manufacture drug product.
Initial investment was provided by a core group of local healthcare providers
and business owners. A team of industry experts was assembled, and work began
on designing both the facility and the advanced digital manufacturing systems.
Selkirk completed facility design and broke ground in September 2020. With
construction finished in the fall of 2022, a team of 80 employees began
facility and equipment qualification and validation activities. Technical
transfers for commercial and clinical trial projects will begin in 2024. GMP
Operations will be fully qualified by the end of Q1 2024 with client batches
starting in second quarter 2024. Our Team Selkirk employees all have an
ownership stake in the company. Our experienced team has an average of over 20
years experience. And we have multi-disciplinary teams to support project
transfer to Selkirk. See us on LinkedIn Join our team How can we help you?
Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W
Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/capabilities
Capabilities About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact Our
capabilities at a glance Highlights Best-in-class facility with unidirectional
personnel and product flows Real time QA review and automated data acquisition
Fully integrated inventory, EM, and Quality Management systems
Microbiological, sterility, bioburden, B/F, endotoxin testing Validation of
analytical test methods Services & Processes Aseptic fill and finish
Comprehensive analytical testing capabilities 100% manual finished product
inspection Logistics and supply chain support Formulation Flexible batch
sizes, Clinical and Commercial Biologics Large and Small molecules Diluents
Suspensions Single use or stainless steel tanks Line dedicated formulation
suites Filling Fully integrated isolator filling Liquid vials, 2mL- 30mL -
Capacity now available Syringes 2mL – 10mL (planned for 2026) Bausch and
Strobel ADVANCED fill dosing system for high yield filling (~99.9%) In-line
non-destructive weight checks 40-60 units per min nominal speeds Ready to
sterilize vials Analytical Support Full analytical and Microbiological testing
HPLC and UPLC GC Particulate testing Compendial testing of all raw materials
Dedicated Analytical method transfer and validation resources ICH Stability
testing How can we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024
Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/facility
Facility About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact Our
facility is purpose built for contract manufacturing, with unidirectional flow
throughout Our Facility A state-of-the-art facility means world-class Quality,
Safety and Reliability ‍ Fully integrated, high yield, Bausch + Strobel
VarioSys fill line The heart of the Selkirk manufacturing operation is a
Bausch and Strobel VarioSys filler with an integrated vial rinser and
depyrogenation tunnel. The system is fast, versatile and remarkably efficient.
When every drop of a compounded bulk is required, this system meets the
challenge with line losses as low as 100mL and filled container yields of
>99.8%. SKAN Isolator - the highest standard for aseptic filling The SKAN
isolator system brings state-of-the-art safety and efficiency to the filling
operations. The system allows for the use of Ready to Use (RTU) stoppers and
overseals, and the SKANFog system provides rapid and complete sterilization of
the entire filling system. There is no better way to protect the container
filling and sealing processes. Three filling lines with dedicated compound
rooms The Selkirk facility has been designed to provide rapid and flexible
expansion. Our initial build includes dedicated compounding and filling in our
Line 1 manufacturing area. Space for two additional filling lines has been
pre-configured with the utilities and support systems needed to add
manufacturing capacity and new capabilities as required. The quality and
safety of the manufacturing process is further protected by a unidirectional
flow for both personnel and products. This not only protects against cross
contamination but also improves manufacturing efficiency. 15,000 sq ft of
controlled temperature and refrigerated storage Selkirk has cGMP validated,
temperature-controlled space to handle all types of drug product logistics
needs. The Selkirk facility is located less than one half mile from the
Spokane International Airport for efficient and convenient operations. How can
we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma
9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/careers
Careers About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact Our team is
the nucleus around which everything else in our company is built View
opportunities Our Values Sincerity We can work through anything if we are
totally honest with ourselves and each other. Sincerity is more than just
telling the truth; it’s an uncommon embrace of reality that often requires the
courage to be vulnerable. Gratitude So many good things come from gratitude.
Dedication. Patience. Generosity. Positivity. Kindness. Perspective. It’s the
opposite of entitlement, insecurity, and greed. We try to be actively grateful
every day. Humility We expect to lead the industry in every operational
metric. History, and our own personal experiences, remind us that to
accomplish this (or any lasting achievement in science) we must be humble and
self-aware in pursuit of our goals. Enthusiasm We intentionally bring an
uncommon energy to every aspect of our work. Team Our team is the nucleus
around which everything else in our company is built. This team was not formed
simply as a means to achieve company goals. Our benefits Health and wellness,
for you and your family - Competitive Benefits Package "Working hard for
something we don't care about is called stress; Working hard for something we
love is called passion ." \- Simon Sinek. At Selkirk, our passion is to become
the most reliable manufacturer of injectable drug product. If this aligns with
your passion, this is the team foro you. Protect your financial future -
Competitive Retirement Package Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur
adipiscing elit. Nunc vulputate risus tortor, ut pulvinar ante placerat eget.
Quisque vulputate semper erat vel rutrum ivamus tortor metus. Work / Life
balance (for real) At Selkirk, we realize you're only at your best when you
can get away from work and focus on your family. We work with each team member
to ensure time away is not a meaningless statement - it's part of our culture.
State of the art, employee-centric facilities Our facility was built by
operators for operators. Our team understands the intricacy of a manufacturing
facility, why would we go in any other direction. We are all employee-owners
Our stakeholders believed we could build it; We share ownership because we
know we will. Come work with us View opportunities How can we help you?
Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W
Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news
News About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact News From
Selkirk Selkirk's Lori DeGuire Participates in Roundtable Article on Pharma's
Almanac Selkirk is APS Qualified Contract Pharma's Interview with John
Bertagnolli September 2023 Internship Opportunities Available at Selkirk!
September 2022 Contract Pharma sits down with Pat Haffey November 2021 Selkirk
Land Acquisition Announcement June 2021 Selkirk's story shared in the news
June 2021 Press Release June 2021 Selkirk featured in June issue of Contract
Pharma May 2021 "Beam Signing" Ceremony Marks Construction Progress How can we
help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma
9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/contact
Contact About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact Get in touch
Thank you for your submission! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the
form. General inquiries info@selkirkpharma.com HR hr@selkirkpharma.com Press
pr@selkirkpharma.com Location 9110 West Granite Avenue Spokane, WA 99224-5033
How can we help you? Download Overview PDF © Copyright 2020 Selkirk Pharma
9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/selkirks-lori-deguire-participates-in-roundtable-article-on-pharma-s-almanac
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
Selkirk's Lori DeGuire Participates in Roundtable Article on Pharma's Almanac
What strategies are being employed to accelerate product development and
commercialization without compromising quality? ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ ‍ How can we help you?
Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W
Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/selkirk-is-aps-qualified
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
Selkirk is APS Qualified Selkirk Pharma Announces New APS Qualified Facility
with Advanced Fill/Finish Capacity in Spokane, WA —State-of-the-Art Facility
Designed and Built Specifically for Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing,
Featuring Advanced Fill/Finish Capabilities and Unidirectional Flow
Technology— Spokane, WA – February15, 2024 – Selkirk Pharma, Inc., a privately
held U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturer specializing in the fill and finish of
injectable drugs, including vaccines and biological therapeutics, today
announced the Aseptic Process Simulation (APS) qualification of its sterile
manufacturing facility and newly available fill/finish capacity. This
development marks a significant milestone for the company in addressing
industry bottlenecks and lack of U.S.-based manufacturing capacity, while
offering exceptional clinical and commercial manufacturing services for small
molecule and biologics drug sponsors. The purpose-built aseptic manufacturing
facility at Selkirk Pharma operates with leading-edge technology, including
unidirectional material and personnel flow, single-use systems, SKAN isolator
technology, and Bausch and Strobel VarioSys advanced dose filling systems.
These ensure high quality and high yields, particularly vital for high-value
biologics. Uniquely designed, the facility aligns with Annex 1 compliance
standards, critical for clients targeting European markets, while also meeting
the highest quality standards for U.S. markets. Unlike older facilities
undergoing retrofitting to meet these standards, Selkirk Pharma's facility
incorporates new technology designed from the ground up to be Annex 1
compliant. The new US based facility will be crucial in alleviating growing
demands and capacity constraints within the fill/finish industry. “The
completion of our facility's aseptic process simulation qualification is a
milestone achievement for the Selkirk team,” said John Bertagnolli, Vice
President of Operations at Selkirk Pharma. “It was made possible by the hard
work of our exceptional employees and through the support of many others. We
are excited to offer this qualified, reliable, fill/finish capacity to our
customers, and most importantly, to their patients.” For those looking for a
reliable and advanced manufacturing partner, Selkirk Pharma invites you to
explore their new facility and discuss your next project. To learn more about
Selkirk Pharma’s available capacity, capabilities, and commitment to quality,
please contact Selkirk Pharma via www.selkirkpharma.com or email
info@selkirkpharma.com. About Selkirk Pharma Selkirk Pharma, Inc., located in
Spokane, Washington, was founded in 2018 by industry veterans with the vision
to build the world’s most reliable manufacturer of injectable drug product. We
are dedicated to quality and reliability while upholding a partnership
philosophy to ensure drug safety and availability. With an experienced team
averaging over 15 years in the industry, our professionals are passionate
about optimizing fill and finish turn-around times and accelerating product
release while never compromising patient care. At Selkirk Pharma, we treat
your products with the highest commitment, ensuring we meet patients’ needs
with integrity and excellence. ‍ How can we help you? Contact us Download
overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA
99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/contract-pharmas-interview-with-john-bertagnolli
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
Contract Pharma's Interview with John Bertagnolli John Bertagnolli, Selkirk's
Vice President of Commercial Operations, had the opportunity to talk with
Contract Pharma about what he thinks the pharma industry will see in the
upcoming year, outsourcing trends and what makes successful partnerships. ‍
How can we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk
Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/september-2023-internship-opportunities-available-at-selkirk
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
September 2023 Internship Opportunities Available at Selkirk! Selkirk Pharma,
located in Spokane WA, has internship opportunities available and will be at
the WSU Career Fair in Pullman on Tuesday, October 3 rd from 11am-3pm. We are
looking for dynamic individuals who are highly motivated, detailed, and
creative problem solvers. When you are a part of the Selkirk team, you will
have the opportunity to assist in activities of designing and executing tests
to verify systems and processes are suitable for their intended purposes.
These opportunities provide experience working with laboratory equipment,
complex environmental controls, and high tech manufacturing equipment. Interns
will interact with a fast-paced, collaborative, and multi-disciplinary team at
Selkirk Pharma. You can make a meaningful difference in people's lives while
utilizing your degree in engineering, science, or computer science. Come see
us at our booth! Internship Opportunities: Engineering (Mechanical &
Electrical) Business Development Computer Systems Validation (Computer
Science) Finance Manufacturing Science & Technology (Biology & Chemistry) ‍
How can we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk
Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/september-2022-selkirks-pat-haffeys-interview-with-contract-pharma
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
September 2022 Contract Pharma sits down with Pat Haffey Selkirk's Patrick
Haffey sat down with Contract Pharma at their annual conference to discuss the
future of the pharmaceutical industry. How can we help you? Contact us
Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue
Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/november-2021-selkirk-land-acquisition-announcement
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News
November 2021 Selkirk Land Acquisition Announcement Selkirk Pharma, Inc.
Expands Campus in Spokane, WA Selkirk announces land acquisition to expand
existing campus. 10.7-acre site will serve as the location for Selkirk's Plant
3. Spokane, WA – November 1, 2021 – Selkirk Pharma, Inc., a privately held
U.S. pharmaceutical manufacturer, has executed a purchase and sale agreement
to acquire 10.7 acres of land adjacent to their facility in Spokane, WA. The
company specializes in the manufacture (fill and finish) of injectable drugs,
including vaccines and biological therapeutics. The campus expansion will
support Selkirk’s growth and add critically needed capacity for the
manufacture of commercial and clinical trial drugs. “Spokane is a special
place to live, work, and invest,” said Patrick Haffey, Selkirk’s Chief
Executive Officer. “We are grateful to be here and plan to make a series of
long-term investments in this community over the coming years.” The land
acquisition expands the Selkirk campus to more than 27 acres, providing space
for three standalone factories. Selkirk’s Plant 1, a state-of-the-art, 145,000
square foot facility located at 9110 W. Granite Ave, is under construction and
will be complete in March of 2022. Selkirk and its partners have so far
invested over $90 million and will announce additional investments to build
out the remaining campus at a later date. All three Selkirk factories will
incorporate industry-leading technology, including isolator-based filling
systems and electronic batch records. Selkirk has 35 employees and is actively
recruiting to support the start of Plant 1 operations in mid-2022. At full
capacity, the Selkirk campus is expected to employ roughly 750 scientists,
engineers, and operations personnel. ‍ ‍ How can we help you? Contact us
Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue
Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/selkirks-story-shared-in-the-news
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News June
2021 Selkirk's story shared in the news
https://www.krem.com/article/money/economy/boomtown-inland-northwest/spokane-
based-biotech-startup-building-drug-factory-on-the-west-plains-
selkirk/293-1bbec7b3-571b-4328-a1e8-45ea46b23a74 Spokane-based biotech startup
building drug factory on the West Plains Selkirk Pharma will make injectable
drugs like vaccines for contract clients, hire up to 300 workers. www.krem.com
‍ How can we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024
Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/june-2021-press-release
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News June
2021 Press Release How can we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF ©
Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/june-2021-selkirk-featured-in-june-issue-of-contract-pharma
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News June
2021 Selkirk featured in June issue of Contract Pharma Contract Pharma - June
2021 - page Cover (texterity.com) How can we help you? Contact us Download
overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma 9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA
99224-5033


 
https://www.selkirkpharma.com/news/beam-signing-ceremony-marks-construction-progress
Selkirk About Us Capabilities Facility Video Careers News Contact < News May
2021 "Beam Signing" Ceremony Marks Construction Progress A significant
milestone was celebrated on May 12, 2021 with a beam signing ceremony. Selkirk
employees were given a chance to talk to construction workers about what
Selkirk is building and why. In addition, those in attendance were given an
opportunity to go on a walkthrough tour to see the current progress. How can
we help you? Contact us Download overview PDF © Copyright 2024 Selkirk Pharma
9110 W Granite Avenue Spokane WA 99224-5033

