
 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/20240422_pressrelease_ten23_report_2023fairstainability.pdf
          


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/Reports/2023_ten23_Fairstainability-Report.pdf
Design. Formulate. Deliver. Fairstainability  Impact Report  2023 As we close our third year of operations,   we are very proud to report on our  progress and results towards our com- mitment to Fairness and Sustainability.  In 2023, our big focus at ten23 was   to continue to sustainably grow our  business, ensure the highest quality of  our services and customer satisfaction.  Our achievements in quality management  were highlighted for example by the  successful completion of ISO9001  certification, further establishing our  commitment to excellence. Looking ahead to 2024, we are preparing  for a landmark year in our journey to  become the patient-centric, human-   focused and sustainable strategic  partner for the pharmaceutical and  biotech industry: We are set to further  refine our systems, embark on ambitious  expansion projects and boost our   production capabilities, ensuring we   continue to meet and exceed the evolv- ing needs of our partners and stake- holders – always with an engrained  Fairstainability mindset. If you have questions or suggestions on  how we, at ten23 health, can become  more transparent and more driven  towards Patients, People and Planet,  please contact us. Stay safe and act conciousely Hanns-Christian Mahler,  Chief Enablement Officer, ten23 health Carole Schanté,   Fairstainability Co-Lead  Tamara Hell,  JEDI and LGBTQ+  employee representative On behalf of our Fairstainability Circle and the whole companyAlissa Monk,    Fairstainability Co-Lead  JanBart Wilmink,  Chief People Officer   Our commitment to Patients, People and Planet is deeply   engrained into our Purpose and DNA, a dedication  formally acknowledged in our commercial registry,  through clauses that underscore our pursuit of a   positive impact on society and the environment.  In line with our adherence to the UN Global   Compact and to the Sustainable   Development Goals (SDGs),   we commit to: Our focus on Patients, People and Planet is deeply  engrained into our Purpose and DNA:  we have included it in our chamber of commercial  registry through clauses that state our strive for  a material positive impact on the society and the  environment.Patients Create value for society as a whole in our mission to support our clients improving patients’ lives SDG: 3, 8, 12 Other SDGs: 1, 6, 16, 17 People Foster and promote   equality, diversity and   wellbeing for our employees  and their families SDG: 3, 5, 8 Other SDGs: 4, 10 Our pledges Planet Operate as a net positive  business  SDG: 12, 13 Other SDGs: 6, 7, 9, 11, 14, 15Highlights 2023 FAIRNESS: SUSTAINABILITY:31%  Women  in Management48%   Women   Employees NO  Gender Pay Gap84% Employee   Satisfaction Score NO  Serious Injury  or Fatality 100%  Renewable  ElectricityPRIDE    Champion Gold  Award2nd   Place in Swiss  HR Award 3rd   Place in Modern   Work Award 43%  waste diverted  from disposal  (up from 34% in 2022)150%  Offsets of Our Plastic Waste sent to Incineration 104%  Compensation of our total operational GHG emissions (GHG emissions from Sc1, Sc2 market-based, and  Sc3 from fuel and energy related activities, waste  generated in operations, business travel and em- ployee commuting)Silver Medal  from EcoVadis for our first participation  (top 13% in our industry category)6%  Absolute Reduction  in Energy UseOur Commitments In 2023 we improved our data collection techniques  and reinforced our approach to separating and  recycling plastic waste.  Thanks to the reinforcement of the initiatives  rolled-out in 2022 to improve our recycling rate,  we recorded a significant reduction in the amount  of plastic waste sent to incineration, from 5 tons  in 2022 to 2.7 tons in 2023. In addition, through our partnership with Seven  Clean Seas, we enabled the clean-up from marine  environments an equivalent 150% of our plastic  waste sent to incineration, according to our am- bition to make a lasting positive impact. Our efforts continue with initiatives to decrease  our plastic use.GOAL 1:    By 2025, we remove twice as much plastic from the environment   than we send to final disposal. By the end of 2023, our reduction in Scope 1 and  Scope 2 GHG emissions by revenue already stood  at 44%. This means we are on-track to achieve  our 2025 goal in 2024, one year earlier than  planned.  This is thanks to our target to use 100% renew- able electricity for the long-term and to contin- ued efforts to improve our energy efficiency to  accompany our business growth. Furthermore,  and as a last resort, we are voluntarily compen- sating 104% (increasing by 1% year-over-year since our inception) of our currently unavoidable  operational GHG emissions from Scope 1, 2 and  3, through certified removal and offsetting mea- sures, to run carbon-neutral operations.  Looking ahead to 2024, our goal is to obtain sci- ence-based targets validation from the SBTi for  climate targets beyond 2025 and continue to iden- tify and implement actions for energy reduction.GOAL 2:   By 2025, we reduce our greenhouse gas emissions by 50 % on Scopes 1 & 2,   committing to being part of the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi)*. * On a 2021 basis, pro rata to the months of activity in the year, in  tons of CO2e by revenue. GOAL 3:   By 2023, we achieve equal treatment of all  employees in the workspace,   ensuring no gender pay gap*. In 2022 we already proudly achieved this goal,  ensuring equal treatment of all employees within  the workspace and effectively closing the gender  pay gap. This achievement was confirmed by a second  assessment conducted in 2023, which awarded us  the highest score. The evaluation found no gender  pay disparity, underscoring our commitment to  fairness and equality in our workplace. * Carried out by third-party assessment  In 2022, we already achieved this goal with 55%  non-cis-male employees, demonstrating our com - mitment to creating an inclusive work environment.  Additionally, we were successful in obtaining the   Swiss LGBTI label certification (June 2022), further  affirming our dedication to diversity and inclusion.Due to the rapid expansion of our company, how- ever, we observed an adjustment to 48% by the end  of 2023. This change is recognized as an indirect  consequence of our company’s rapid growth, and  we remain committed to maintaining our focus on  diversity and inclusivity while expanding our team.GOAL 4:   By 2023, we promote diversity in the workspace by targeting minimum 50% non-cis-male   employees and obtaining the Swiss LGBTI label certification. What have we done for Sustainability  and Fairness in 2023 SDG 3: Good Health and Well-Being  •Continued to offer and encourage flexible work time  •Continued offering of part-time jobs (currently   starting at 10% part-time)   •Continued partnership with „fokusarbeit“ -   Case Management & Employee Counselling  •Input Session “5 Indicators to watch to stay burnout free”  •Vision Talk: “How to tackle Mental Health at work”  •Meditation class for all employees on both sites  •Participation of employees in the B2Run in Basel and as  well Wings for Life  •Yoga classes on site in Basel and Visp  •Participation in Bike to Work Challenge   •Awareness event for Mental Health Day  •3 new Mental Health First Aiders, now total of 12  •Wintertraining sessions offering for employees in Visp  •Participation and support at BärgÜf charity event to  fight against cancer  •Bouldering and running groups in Visp  •Promotion of Veganuary and awareness raising   SDG 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth  •Creation of 81 new positions in Basel (26) and Visp (55)  in 2023.  •First employee survey: obtained a fantastic participa - tion rate of 88%, and a satisfaction score of 84%.   •New framework on development and recognition,  also to ensure career development is accessible to all  equally  •Participation in National Future Day: invited 5th to 7th  grade students and presented fun experiments in the  laboratory and the “darkroom”  •Innovation Circle working on continuous improvement  and sustainable design  •Workshops on Psychological Safety, Leadership in   a non-hierarchical organisation, team development   and more  •Individual Growths Plans developed and Profile   Dynamics conducted for personal growth  •Organization of 2 Team events in-person for all   employeesSDG 5: Gender Equality  •Detailed review of all job postings to ensure inclusive  and non-gender-biased language and adding a state - ment to encourage women to apply  •Recruitment process guidelines to ensure no discrimi - nation, elimination of biases and to ensure inclusion of  all candidates  •Gender pay gap analysis reconducted including now  both sites – outcome shows no gender pay gap  •Eurogames in Bern, supported participation for our  employees -who achieved two gold medals!-, showing  our support for the LGBTQIA+ community  •2023 Pride Index, we were awarded the gold seal and   secured the 4th place ranking. This accomplishment  demonstrates that we are among the most LGBTQIA+  friendly employers in the DACH region.”  •Pride Month – Lunch and Learn awareness training  about what Is LGBTQIA+, issues for the LGBTQIA+   community and how to be an ally  •Pride Office Day – Lunch and Learn awareness training  about transgender and how to support transitioning  •Publishing of the LGBTQIA+ Employee Handbook as a   Corporate Policy  •Additional person in the JEDI (Justice Equality Diversity  & Inclusion) & LGBTQIA+ team (now 3 total)  •Black History Month movie night at work  •Gender neutral and aware language in communications  •Member of the European Gay & Lesbian Sport Federa - tion (EGLSF)  •Building a LGBTQIA+ network with “Basel Pride togeth - er” and “Queer Wallis”  •Representing ten23 at the Event “Love Yourself Test  Yourself” in Brig fighting against HIV stigmatization SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and Production  •Data driven initiatives to improve our energy efficien - cy, achieving a 6% absolute reduction in total energy  consumption, and a 35% reduction in energy intensity  per FTE compared to 2022.  •Kick-off pilot project with Elio to bring sustainable   solutions software for consumables   •Selection of sustainable workwear in Visp from local   supplier Bardusch   •Full implementation of Treerolls towels for hand-drying   by RVR – 1 tree planted for each roll used  •Removal of 4 tons of plastic waste from the sea envi - ronment through Seven Clean Seas    •Awareness events for World Water Day, Plastic-Free  July, Earth Week  •Organization of a Clean-up Day on both sites with   employees  SDG 13: Climate Action  •Full implementation of new cooling system in Basel:  high efficiency, almost no non-contact water used  anymore  •Retrofitting of HVAC in new Pilot Plant manufacturing  in Basel to optimized conditions, reduction by half of  air flow and addition of stand-by mode with reduced  speed to save even more energy  •Strong participation in the Time for Climate Action   campaign by Leaders for Climate Action (LFCA)  •Team events serving all vegetarian and vegan food  •Earth week events  •Retrofitting all lights in Basel building to motion sen - sors  •Electric mini-van leased and 4 electric bicycles pur - chased in Visp for commuting between our locations in  Visp  •Implementation of a parking fee donation scheme on   our Basel site – all proceeds will go to an environmen - tal organization OTHER SDG:  •Donation to Aiducation International in order to  widen our spectra of positive impact and support  education in developing countries (SDGs 1, 4 and 10)In our journey to become a climate positive business, our suppliers  have a key role to play. We want to partner with them and support any  actions they take. We are also increasing our assessments and selection  process.  Our membership in the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative enables us to  stay up to date and involved in current initiatives and regulations while col - laborating with other companies and suppliers. We have updated our Supplier  Code of Conduct in 2023 and have reached out to our suppliers with ques - tionnaires. In 2023, we have performed sustainability screening of our top 10  suppliers representing a cumulated total of >60% of our spends (excluding  construction). We checked for the alignment of their commitments with  our ambitions and reached out directly to the companies which are not  communicating about their plans and initiatives, to encourage trans - parency and collaboration. Suppliers We are committed to creating a culture of knowledge sharing and  transparency for the good of people and the planet. We openly share  our strategy, internal initiatives and any findings of our projects, and  participate in panels and roundtables. We give importance to attending  events and participate in discussions that are tied to our vision and goals. • World Economic Forum Davos, January, “SDG tent”, InTent,  SBA2030 and B-Lab events, Hanns-Christian Mahler • Pharmap Geneva, June, Roundtable, ‘Making supply chains  more sustainable’, Alissa Monk  • Biotech Outsourcing Strategies (BOS) Basel 2023, July • Panel, Sustainability in Pharmaceutical Outsourcing,  Hanns-Christian Mahler • Swiss Triple Impact (STI) Experience Health Tech Cluster  Switzerland, Webinar August, Presentation “Experience with  STI”, Hanns-Christian Mahler • United Nation Global Compact, Business & Human Rights  Accelerator, February - July, Hanns-Christian Mahler • United Nation Global Compact, Switzerland Peer Learning  Group, Sep-Dec, Cedric Montagne • Swiss Triple Impact Health peer to peer exchange Zurich,   19 September Presentation and discussion, ‘Sustainability   in Swiss Healthcare’, Alissa Monk   • Stockholm Climate Leadership Forum online, October,  Hanns-Christian Mahler • Medtech Congress Jura, October, Roundtable, Beyond  profit: Building a sustainable medtech ecosystem for lasting  success, Alissa Monk • Go Circular in Life Sciences General Assembly, November,  hosted at ten23 and presented, Alissa Monk  • BOS Manchester, November, panel discussion -   Sustainability in Pharmaceutical outsourcing, Alissa MonkCollaboration Our external participation in 2023Partnerships, Memberships, Associations We put a big focus on collaboration and collective action to expand,  guide and support our ambitions. We want to be part of a bigger whole –  a movement towards a more inclusive, equitable, and regenerative economy.  We believe in bringing together stakeholders across the value chain to  share expertise, findings and most of all to co-develop solutions that will  benefit the whole industry and value chain. Realizing there were some  gaps for associations to tackle systemic issues in Pharmaceuticals/  Healthcare, we started conversations in 2023 and from that, 2 new   associations will be launched in 2024 with ten23 as founders.   Our partnerships and memberships are important and key   for our commitments and goals.    •Go Circular in Life Science   (Alissa Monk, co- Fairstainability Circle  Lead, is an Executive Member)   •Swiss Triple Impact (STI)   •United Nations Global Compact  (UNGC)  •Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative  (PSCI)   •Öbu (ECOnGOOD)  •Swiss Board for Agenda 2030   (SBA 2030)  •PowHER  •Alliance for Sustainable Enterprises:  signed the Manifesto  CERTIFICATIONS, LABELS, AWARDS • Pending B Corp  • Ecovadis Silver Rating • Swiss LGBTIQ Label • Logib equal pay analysis (“A rating”) • PRIDE Champion Gold Award • 2nd in “Swiss HR Award” • 3rd in “Modern Work Award” 2023 Case Studies 1.  Being energy efficient: Heating stop in Basel The period between Christmas and New Year is usually a time where there are few  activities in the labs and only few colleagues in the office. This year we decided to  completely shut-down the building, asking the few colleagues who preferred to not  take their holidays during this time, to work from home. This enabled us to achieve  considerable energy savings, mostly due to reducing the ventilation to it’s half capacity  and shutting down the heating. 40% of energy was saved during that time compared  to previous years in just 10 days of shut-down, giving us guidance for further energy  saving opportunities.   2.  Improving our water footprint: Replacement of cooling in Basel When taking over the building at the start of ten23 in 2021, a significant water- and   energy-saving opportunity had been identified: the cooling system. Originally, water  from the river Rhine was used as non-contact water to go through the cooling system  before it was linked back into the river. The system itself was very energy intensive.   After the upgrade and installation of a new system, we achieved a remarkable 77%   reduction in non-contact water consumption: non-contact water is now only used for  the cooling of the new equipment itself. In addition, we did not increase electricity   consumption thanks to the high efficiency of the new system. 3.  Sustainability in design: HVAC optimization in Basel In March 2023, our Basel site obtained the authorization from Basel City to build a new,  state-of-the-art Pilot Plant (sterile product filling for stability purposes and other non- GMP purposes). ten23 was recognized as having been exemplary in the design phase,  which included an Energy Challenge, helping with the identification of energy-efficient  opportunities. One immediate action taken was to reduce the air-change rate from the  upgraded HVAC system and to set up a stand-by mode. These 2 actions enable major  energy savings, by reducing the air flow and therefore reducing the need for air condi- tioning.  4.  Innovation & sustainability into process design In July 2023, we announced our collaboration with Elio, an artificial intelligence (AI) co-pilot  project for eco-design, to integrate sustainability into process design for parenteral  products. The collaboration aims to leverage advanced technologies, to seamlessly inte- grate sustainability considerations into technical process design, empowering technical  experts to prioritize sustainability as an inherent part of their decision-making process  when designing sterile medicine formulations or manufacturing processes.  Our People We are happy to have welcomed many new colleagues in 2023, increase our  team and expand our diversity. We remain proud of all our colleagues working  together at ten23 health. We value the talents, expertise, knowledge and  strengths of each individual. Together we want to create the best work envi- ronment for all to thrive and grow, ensuring diversity, inclusion and fairness. 2021 2022 2023 EMPLOYMENT Number of employees (by year-end) 88 131 185 Number of women 56 70 89 Number of men 32 61 96 % of women employees ¹ 60% 53% 48% Number of nationalities represented - 21 24 Number of employees with handicap 2- 1 2 Number of Full-Time Equivalent (by year-end) 64 116 168 Percentage of employees working part-time 47% 36% 28% Salary ratio (highest to lowest) 6,56 6,62 6,62 HEALTH & SAFETY Number of work-related Serious Injury or Fatality (SIF)  (Objective: 0 SIF)0 0 0 Number of work-related recordable injuries or illness 0 2 3 Lost Time Incident Rate 30,00 0,89 1,12 Total Recordable Case Rate 30,00 1,77 1,68 Notes: 1. We previously reported the % of non cis-male employees, however, for data privacy, we have decided to  keep it as men/women. This does not remove our strong commitment for equality and inclusion in the  workplace and we keep looking for solutions. 2. Collaboration with www.Mitschaffe.ch or cantonal I.V. 3. Number of work-related injuries or illnesses, with and without lost-time, for employees and contractors,  by 200’000 working hours. Career Management & Training At ten23, our People & Culture (P&C) Circle is  dedicated to “Cultivating a meaningful surrounding  where we grow and play at our strengths”. We are  committed to help every employee reach their full  potential and bring them into their sweet spot.  The starting point for career development and  training is the Individual Growth Plan (IGP). The IGP  is built on “Profile Dynamics” report, which as - sesses personal strengths and values, along with  Self-Evaluation and Mentoring. Our internal role  market ensures a smooth change of roles when- ever somebody feels ready for a change. Although  we only introduced our framework in September  last year, 10% of our employees already have de- velopment plans in place. This number will increase  in 2024 as we continue to enhance our approach. Employee representatives We have two key roles working as employee   representatives to facilitate social dialogue. The  ‘People Councelist’ represents the whole ten23  organization, reviewing new people frameworks, providing inputs to P&C topics and highlighting  concerns respective to these topics. In addition,  we have implemented the roles of ‘Cultural Ambas - sadors’, a group of people who ensure sounding of  P&C topics before implementation: they regularly  exchange with the General management Circle on  P&C matters, assist in developing and implementing  P&C initiatives, and serve as a liaison to give and  receive feedback from all employees to promote  and develop our company culture. Occupational Health & Safety ten23 health holds safety, health and environmental   protection as core values: we are committed to  protecting the local and global environment, and  to promoting and maintaining a sound EHS manage- ment system for our employees and contractors.  Our objective is 0 Serious Injury or Fatality. We  work on minimizing the occurrence of EHS events  through workplace risk assessments, near-misses   reporting and behavior-based safety walkthroughs,  to shape our EHS training programs and foster a  safe and healthy work environment. Offsetting Strategy We are committed to compensating for  the negative climate impacts of our op- erations by working with different part - ners to offset our unavoidable Scope  1, 2 and 3 operational GHG emissions,  through different solutions and projects  (see our data table for details).  We support local moorland renaturation  projects in Switzerland with MyClimate,  and protect 1.5 hectare of primeval  rainforests with The Generation Forest,  both ecosystems being key for biodiver- sity conservation. We support direct air  capture with Climeworks (the process  of removing carbon dioxide from the  air to store it – crucial to avoid the  most catastrophic impacts of climate  change, thanks to the durability of the  storage), reforestation through Klima,  and Gold-Standard clean development  projects  with Atmosfair (promoting the  expansion of renewable energies in   developing countries, essentials to  reaching the UN SDGs). Through these projects and initiatives,  we offset a total of 533 tCO2e in 2023,  more than our 513 tCO2e operational  carbon footprint. 2021 2022 2023 GHG emissions compensations  (within our value chain)490  (102%)510 (103%)533 (104%) removals from direct carbon capture and  storage (ClimeWorks)0 5 6 from shares in primeval reforestation  (The Generation Forest)10 20 30 protection of Swiss Moors (MyClimate) 0 25 30 reforestation supporting a climate- neutral workforce (Klima)0 130 160 offsets from Gold Standards CDM projects  (Atmosfair)480 330 307 GHG emissions compensations  (beyond our value chain)- 1 555 2806In addition, in our journey towards sus - tainability, we are working with Klima to  measure, reduce and offset the carbon  emissions of our employees’ personal  footprints - beyond our company bound- aries! Since launch in April 2022, we are  helping and educating interested em-ployees in learning how to reduce emis - sions related to their work as well as to  their private lives, and we did offset to  date a total of 4,650 tons of CO2 e, a small  portion of which compensating for the  GHG Scope 3 emissions related to em- ployee commuting.Going beyond: offsetting our employee personal footprint  Our Fairstainability Data 2023 and YOY comparison ten23 health Group 12021 2021 2022 2023 ENERGY (kilowatt-hour kWh) Total energy consumption ³ 3 220 280 5 004 793 4 713 694 Purchased electricity 2 142 973 2 754 228 2 728 433 Purchased heating 1 029 316 2 057 369 1 942 157 Purchased steam 47 992 193 196 43 105 % of renewable electricity 100% 100% 100% % of renewable vs. non-renewable energy 49% 55% 58% Energy intensity, per employees (kWh/FTE) 50 004,4 43 238,0 (-13.5% YoY) 28 116,3 (-35.0% YoY) GRI303: WATER (m3) Total water withdrawal ⁵ 17 217 62 070 14 880 From third-party (contact water) 1 568 2 608 1 422 From surface water (cooling water) 15 649 59 462 13 458 GRI306: OPERATIONAL WASTE (metric tons)   Total waste generated 6no data 21,0 16,4 Non-hazardous waste, recycled no data 7,2 7,1 Hazardous waste, incinerated with energy recovery no data 10,6 5,4 Non-hazardous waste, incinerated with energy recovery no data 3,2 3,9 % Waste diverted from disposal no data 34,4% 43,3% Plastic waste sent to incineration with energy recovery no data 5,0 2,7 Plastic offsets (removals from the sea environment) ⁷ 10,0 5,0 4.0 GRI305: EMISSIONS (tCO2e)  GHG emissions, total Sc1 and Sc2 emissions (market-based) 115,6 131,3 112,7 GHG emissions, Scope 1 0,0 0,0 0 GHG emissions, Scope 2, purchased energy (market based) 115,6 131,3 112,7 GHG emissions, Scope 2, purchased energy (location based) 242.1 494.3 367,0 GHG emissions intensity, total Sc1 and   Sc2 emissions (market-based) per employees (tCO2e/FTE)1,79 1,13 (-36.9% YoY) 0,67 (-40.7% YoY) GHG emissions, Sc3 total not estimated 5 771,8 15 423,3 GHG emissions, Sc3 operational emissions ⁸ 282,9 281,0 314,3 Scope 3, fuel and energy related activities 70,7 78,2 69,7 Scope 3, waste generated in operations 70,8 17,3 14,3 Scope 3, business travel 24,1 54,0 69,4 Scope 3, employee commuting 117,3 131,6 160,8 GHG emissions, Sc3 other (non-operational) emissions ⁹ not estimated 5 490,8 15 109,0 Scope 3, purchased goods and services not estimated 1 143 1 522 Scope 3, capital goods not estimated 4 202 13 332 Scope 3, upstream transportation and distribution not estimated 145 238 Scope 3, downstream transportation and distribution not estimated 0 17 Scope 3, processing of sold products not estimated Not material Not material Scope 3, use of sold products not estimated Not material Not material Scope 3, end-of-Life treatment of sold products not estimated Not material Not material GHG emissions, total operational emissions (sc1, 2 and 3) incl.  20% uncertainty margin 10 480,3 494,8 512.4 GHG emissions compensations (within our value chain) 490 (102%) 510 (103%) 533 (104%) Notes: 1. Our performance data is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period from   1 Jan to 31 Dec 2023  2. Our 2021 dataset covers 12 months of Operational data for our site in Visp, and 5 months of  operational data (Aug-Dec) for our site in Basel (which we took over in August 2021) 3. Purchased energy data has been restated to properly account for district heating from our  site in Visp. 4. Purchased heat and steam at our Basel site is sourced from a unique supplier, IWB, and is gen - erated from natural gas. IWB set a public goal to reduce GHG emissions in district heating pro - duction by 2030. 5. Our operations are located in Visp and Basel in Switzerland, areas which present a low risk of  water-stress according to the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. 6. We improved our waste data collection process in 2022 and 2023 in line with our ambition to  divert plastic waste from final disposal.7. Plastic offsets represents an equivalent amount of plastic disposed of that is recovered from  the environment by purchasing plastic credits. We commissioned Seven Clean Seas to recover  plastics from the marine environments and coastal areas. 8. Scope 3 categories included in our operational GHG emissions are: Fuel- and energy-related  activities; waste generated in operations; business travel; and employee commuting.  9. The Scope 3 categories Purchased Goods and Services, Capital Goods and Upstream/Down - stream Transportation categories are based on spend data. In 2023, the GHG emissions Sc3 for  Capital Goods increased due to high level of investments into a new production building and  equipment. The other categories listed in the table have not been identified as material and  have not yet been estimated. The remaining scope 3 categories are not applicable: upstream  leased assets, downstream leased assets, franchises, and investments. 10. due to the use of some statistical values and assumptions, an uncertainty margin of 20% is  added to our emission result to cover our full operational climate impact through our CO2 com - pensation strategy.Design. Formulate. Deliver. Disclaimer: ten23 health is providing the information in this Fairstainability report  as of 22 April 2024 and does not undertake any obligation to update  any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future  events or otherwise. These materials contain forward-looking statements, that can gen- erally be identified by words such as „potential“, „expected“, „will“,  „planned“, or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and  expectations of management regarding future events, and are subject  to significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Should one  or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying  assumptions prove incorrect, this might lead to materially different  results from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking state- ments. In particular, our expectations could be affected by, among  other things: uncertainties regarding the success of key products  and services and commercial priorities; global trends uncertainties  regarding future demand for our product and services; uncertainties  in the research and development of new healthcare products of and  services to our customers, including clinical trial results and additional  analysis of existing clinical data; the impact of pandemic diseases on  research, development and manufacturing timelines; and other risks  and factors. please do not print  this report, save trees!ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health www.ten23.health Outlook 2024 We fully acknowledge the need for increased action to support  staying below (or not too far from) the 1.5°C goal for the benefit of  humankind and the planet. Our ambition is to lead by example, to go  the extra mile and to encourage and motivate our partners, custom- ers as well as competitors in the pharma sector to drive positive  change. Our priorities 2024 include defining our next strategic goals beyond  2025, namely by carrying out a double Materiality Assessment which  will help identify the most important topics to focus on. We aim to  obtain validation of our science-based targets from the SBTi and to  further reduce our footprint relative to growth. We will continue to  foster wellbeing and safety at work and collaborate across our value  chain and networks. 


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/20240416_pressrelease_ten23_partnership_Ypsomed.pdf
          ten23 health ® and Ypsomed collaborate on the  commercialization of the YpsoDose patch injector   Burgdorf & Basel, 16 April .2024, ten23 health ® and Ypsomed today announced  that they are entering into a strategic partnership to advance the  commercialization of the YpsoDose wearable injector for subcutaneous self- injection of large-volume doses.     ten23 health®, a CDMO focused on the sustainable development and manufacture  of modern medicines, and Ypsomed, leading developer  of injection and infusion  systems for self-medication, have entered a strategic collaboration. Both parties  will proactively invest in technology and infrastructure to offer the YpsoDose  patch injector platform as a fully integrated solution for the subcutaneous self- administration of large volume injectables.   This comprehensive solution includes a ready-to-use cartriQ glass cartridge from  SCHOTT Pharma as the primary packaging for the drug, the YpsoDose patch  injector platform from Ypsomed, and formulation and process development, Ćlling,  assembly, and testing (QC) of the Ćnal product by ten23 health. Pharmaceutical  customers will have the option to receive a rigorously tested and documented  overall solution, which will signi Ćcantly accelerate time to clinic, and subsequently  time to market, allowing them to concentrate on their core initiatives.   This collaboration will harness ten23 health's expertise in the development,  manufacturing and testing of complex formulations for subcutaneous  administration while leveraging their comprehensive experience in the clinical and  commercial Ćll & Ćnish of complex dosage forms, including large volume  cartridges for devices. ten23 health is well positioned to meet speci Ćc and unique  requirements.   “This exciting partnership with Ypsomed aligns seamlessly with our vision of a  successful drug product in which the drug-device integration is taken into  account from the very beginning of its design – where formulation, primary  packaging, and medical devices are equally important parts, providing stable, safe,  usable and effective medicines to patients,” says Prof. Dr. Hanns-Christian  Mahler, Chief Enablement Of Ćcer at ten23 health.   Ypsomed's platform enables its customers to have considerable freedom in the  choice of components and partners to implement their own processes as needed.  The integrated solution provided by the collaborating partners allows them to  leverage knowledge and to collaborate throughout all necessary steps and  components for an overall shortened time-to-market and reduced development  risks of the biopharmaceutical drug/device combination product.  “Together with ten23 as strong partner, we offer a comprehensive solution, for  our customers to bring their medicines to market as a commercially viable and  competitive product in a short time, at a lower cost and with low risks,” says Reto  Jost, Category Lead Large Volume Injectors at Ypsomed.    About Ypsomed  Ypsomed is the leading developer and manufacturer of injection and infusion  systems for self-medication and a renowned diabetes specialist. The company will  celebrate its 40th anniversary in 2024. As a leader in innovation and technology, it  is a preferred partner of pharmaceutical and biotech companies for pens,  autoinjectors and pump systems for administering liquid medications. Ypsomed  presents and markets its product portfolios under the umbrella brand mylife  Diabetescare directly to patients, pharmacies, and hospitals as well as under  Ypsomed Delivery Systems in business-to-business operations with  pharmaceutical companies. Ypsomed is headquartered in Burgdorf, Switzerland.  The company has a global network of production facilities, subsidiaries, and  distribution partners. Ypsomed has over 2,200 employees worldwide.     About ten23 health®   ten23 health®, located in Basel and Visp, Switzerland, is the human-centric and  sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and  biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. We  support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe  injectable treatment options for patients. Our second site, located in Visp,  Switzerland, is a world leader in the sterile production of complex pharmaceutical  dosage forms and a wholly owned subsidiary of ten23 health ®.   ten23 health ® combines the latest scientiĆc Ćndings with proven and tested  world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting  clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner,  respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly  Ćnanced through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally  reputable equity partner.     Media contacts:  ten23 health:  Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health; +41 79 489 39 05   Ypsomed:  Susanne Koehler, susanne.koehler@ypsomed.com; +41 34 424 47 32    


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/240325_pressrelease_partnership_ten23_SHL_FINAL.pdf
  ten23 health ® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership  agreement  for integrated services .  Basel, March 25, 2024 : ten23 health ®, a leading Swiss Contract Development and  Manufacturing Organization (CDMO)  for sterile drugs , and SHL Medical, a world -leading  provider of drug delivery devices, today announc ed their strategic partnership  to provide  a streamlined offering for pharmaceutical and biotech companies that require sterile  drug/device combination products.    The partnership will allow SHL  Medical  to recommend and to integrate seamlessly with  ten23 health ® for drug development  and fill & finish, final assembly and final product testing  of SHL autoinjectors to customers seeking such CDMO services.   ten23 ’s end-to-end offering includes  formulation and process development, GMP fill  &  finish of syringes and cartridges, final assembly of autoinjectors and needle -safety devices,  product testing and QC . The integration of ten23's expertise and capabilities with SHL   Medical 's autoinjector device technology will enhanc e the customer experience by guiding  them through every step of the journey, from initial drug development to the successful  commercialization of specific drug /device combination products.   ”We are excited to partner with SHL , broadening our  portfolio of device partnerships to  deliver integrated patient -centric drug delivery solutions to pharmaceutical companies ,  tailored for their product needs ,” said Prof. Dr. Hanns -Christian Mahler, Chief Enablement  Officer of ten23 health. “ The combination of  strength s in this strategic partnership  allows us  to offer  de-risked services and innovative and reliable drug delivery devices with clear  patient focus .”  The collaboration will enable pharmaceutical companies to streamline  their drug  development processes and bring new therapies to market more efficiently  by offering end - to-end solution s from drug formulation to final assembly  of SHL Medical’s flagship platform  Molly® 1 m L and 2.25 m L. The partnership  between ten23 health® and SHL Medical also underscores their commitment to driving innovation in drug delivery and enabling greater  independence for patients .   “We are pleased to collaborate with ten23 health® to complement our drug delivery offering  with right -sized customer -focused solutions for small to medium assembly volumes,” said  Ulrich Fässler, CEO of SHL . “By working together, we can leverage our combined capabilities  to deliver innovative and patient -centric drug delivery solutions that address the evolving  needs of the pharmaceutical industry.”     About SHL Medical AG   As a world -leading solutions provider  of advanced drug delivery systems, SHL Medical is  the partner of choice for many  leading pharma and biotech companies. Driven by the  company  purpose – Enabling Patients’ Independence  – they  provide patient -centric  solutions  for the  design, development, and manufacturing of autoinjectors, pen injectors, as  well as innovative  specialty delivery systems for large -volume and high -viscosity  formulations. The company  also offer s final assembly, labelling , and packaging solutions for  drug delivery systems.   In response to the rising trend in home therapy, SHL has increased  developmental work in the  digital healthcare  sector to help improve the drug delivery  ecosystem . Located across Switzerland, Taiwan, Sweden, and the US, the global team of  experts  collaborate seamlessly as one  team in utilizing our comprehensive  in-house  manufacturing  capabilities. The company’s  solutions offer customization and optimization  for each project while  proactively weaving  sustainability -driven  measures into designs and  processes to  contribute to a cleaner earth.   For additional information, visit  www.shl -medical.com   About ten23 health®   ten23 health®, located in Basel and Visp, Switzerland, is the human -centric and sustainable  strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start -ups: we  develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. At our two sites in Basel and  Visp, Switzerland, we support our clients in developing, manufacturing , and testing differentiated,  stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients.   ten23 health ® combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world -class  industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths to support our  clients. We provide  innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health ® and the  future of our planet. ten23 health ® is solidly financed through the long -term commitment of  3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.     About ten23’s company’s name   The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mol is called Avogadro  constant and equals 6.022 * 10 23. Gram quantities of material contain the incredible  number of 10 23 atoms, which was an important discovery to understand the composit ion  of matter: The world is built from small units, and not a homogeneous mass.   Media contacts:   ten23 health: Mara Willa , mara.willa@ten23.health  ; +41 79 489 39 05   SHL Medical : Christine Müller , info@shl -medical.com  ; +41 41 367 01 06      


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/240318.ten23.pressrelease.grandopening.finalversion.pdf
  


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/231023_ten23_press_release_cphi.pdf
 On eve of CPHI Hanns-Christian Mahler stresses the importance of holistic sterile drug product development  Basel, October 23, 2023: On the eve of CPHI, ten23 health®, a global contract development and manufacturing organization, today announced that CEO Hanns-Christian Mahler will give a webinar stressing the importance of holistic sterile drug product development.  While the number of parenteral drugs reaching market continues to rise Mahler is concerned that their multiple components are still being optimised in silos and wants to ensure the issue is front of mind for attendees at the world’s largest pharma industry meeting. “It is becoming increasingly apparent that all components and parameters of parentals can and do interact leading to issues in stability, usability and manufacturing,” says Mahler, “As products become increasingly complex, I strongly believe that adopting a holistic approach towards drug development is the only way to ensure patients receive their full benefits. At ten23 health we see that doing so helps us to anticipate and mitigate issues, to ensure an efficient development & commercialization pathway. With this webinar and at CPHI we look forward to spreading this message amongst the global pharma community.” Webinar details: Title: The Importance of Holistic Sterile Drug Product Development  Online, Monday 23.10.23 5pm CET, registration here: https://globalmeet.webcasts.com/viewer/event.jsp?ei=1634252&tp_key=09bb1dd8d5 About ten23 health®  ten23 health®, located in Basel and Visp, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. At our two sites in Basel and Visp, Switzerland, we support our clients in developing, manufacturing and testing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients.  ten23 health® combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly financed through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.  About BASE® and VIVA® BASE® and VIVA® are our two facilities in Basel and Visp Valais, Switzerland. It stands for our roots in Basel and life and nature in Valais. At ten23 health we embrace diversity with employees from different nationalities while still cherishing traditions. We are proud to be an employer in Switzerland where we can show our commitment to Patients, People and Planet.  About the company’s name  The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mol is called Avogadro constant and equals 6.022 * 10 23. Gram quantities of material contain the incredible number of 10 23 atoms, which was an important discovery to understand the composition of matter: The world is built from small units, and not a homogeneous mass.  About 3i Group  3i is an investment company with two complementary businesses, Private Equity and Infrastructure, specializing in core investment markets in Northern Europe and North America. 3i’s Private Equity team provides investment solutions for growing companies, backing entrepreneurs and management teams of mid-market companies with an Enterprise Value typically between €100m - €500m. The company backs international growth plans, providing access to its network and expertise to accelerate the growth of companies across the consumer, industrial, healthcare and business and technology services industries.  Media contacts: ten23 health: Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health; +41 79 489 39 05 3i Group: Kathryn van der Kroft, Kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com; +44 20 7975 3021   


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230911_ten23health_press_release_certification.pdf
    ten23  health  is successfully  ISO 9001:2015  certified     Basel , 11th of September  2023 . ten23  health ®, a global  contract  development  and  manufacturing  organization , today  announced  the successful  implementation  and  certification  of the ISO 9001:2015  Quality  Management  for its Development  services  in  Basel . This achievement  underscores  our unwavering  commitment  to delivering   exceptional  quality  in the analytical  and pharmaceutical  development  of sterile  products .    ISO 9001:2015  is a globally  recognized  standard  that sets out the criteria  for a quality   manag ement  system,  focusing  on enhancing  customer  satisfaction  through  the effective   application  of the system,  including  processes  for continual  improvement  and assurance  of  conformity  to customer , normative,  and regulatory  requirements.  Using  ISO 9001  helps   ensure  that customers  get consistent,  good -quality  products  and services.   The newly  implemented  Quality  Management  System  and certification  according  to ISO  9001:2015  requirements,  encompasses  every  facet  of our analytical  and pharmaceutical   development  processes  for sterile  dosage  forms  at our BASE  site in Basel . This includes   development  activities  such  as formulation  development,  analytical  method  development,   primary  packaging  development,  particle  testing,  container  closure  integrity  (CCI)  testing  and  the manufacture  and testing  of stability  samples.     “We are extremely  proud  to have  achieved  ISO 9001:2015  certification  for our Development   Services,” said Hanns -Christian  Mahl er, CEO/Chief  Enablement  Officer  of ten23  health.  “This  milesto ne reflects  the diligence  and dedication  of our entire  team  in consistently  delivering   products  and services  that  ensure  Service  and data  quality  and hence  exceed  the  expectations  of our clients  and partners.”     The certification  serves  as an affirmation  of our commitment  to quality,  transparency,   reliability,  traceability  and continuous  improvement.  By adhering  to ISO 9001:2015   standards,  we aim to ensure  and enhance  operational  efficiency,  ensure  quality  of services   and hence  customer  satisfaction.  This achievement  not only  streng thens  our position  as a  reliable  partner  in pharmaceutical  development  but also underscores  our determination  to  uphold  the highest  industry  standards.  Our BASE  ® facility  was previously  implementing  an  electronic  lab notebook  system  (eLN)  for its Development  Services,  being  a significant  part of  our quality  standards.   Our team’s  expertise,  combined  with  the rigor  of our QMS,  positions  us to pioneer   innovative  solutions  that drive  positive  impacts  across  the pharmaceutical  landscape.   At ten23  health ®, we take  immense  pride  in being  a human -centric  and sustainable  strategic   partner  of choice  for both  the pharmaceutical  industry  and biotech  start -ups. Our  comprehensiv e service  offerings  encompass  the entire  spectrum  of pharmaceutical  product   development  and testing.  From  the initial  stages  of pharmaceutical  product  design,  through   the meticulous  manufacturing  process,  to critical  QC testing  and stability  assessments,  we  are committed  to ensuring  the highest  standards  of quality  and safety.  With  our unwavering   dedication  to innovation  and excellence,  ten23  health ® stands  at the forefront  of  tomorrow’s  medicines,  shaping  the future  of healthcare .    About  ten23  health ®   ten23  health®,  located  in Basel  and Visp,  Switzerland,  is the human -centric  and sustainable   strategic  partner  of choice  for the pharmaceutical  industry  and biotech  start -ups:  we  develop,  manufacture,  and test modern  medicines.  At our two sites  in Basel  and Visp,   Switzerland,  we support  our clients  in developing,  manufacturing  and testing  differentiated,   stable,  usable,  and safe injectable  treatment  options  for patients.    ten23  health ® combines  the latest  scientific  findings  with  proven  and tested  world -class  industry  and regulatory  expertise  to forge  new  paths  for supporting  clients.  We provide  our  innovative  services  in a fair and sustainable  manner,  respecting  people’s  health  and the  future  of our planet.  ten23  health  is solidly  financed  through  the long -term commitment  of  3i Group,  an internationally  reputable  equity  partner.        About  BASE ® and VIVA ®  BASE®  and VIVA®  are our two facilities  in Basel  and Visp  Valais,  Switzerland.  It stands  for our  roots  in Basel  and life and nature  in Valais.  We have  a strong  connection  to the local  region,   and we value  our roots,  life and nature  and provide  Swiss  Quality.  At ten23  health  we  embrace  diversity  with  employees  from  different  nationalities  while  still cherishing   traditions.  We are proud  to be an employer  in Switzerland  where  we can show  our  commitment  to Patients,  People  and Planet.     About  the company’s  name   The numeric  value  for the number  of molecules  in a sampl e of one mol is called  Avogadro   constant  and equals  6.022  * 10 23. Gram  quantities  of material  contain  the incredible   number  of 10 23 atoms,  which  was an important  discovery  to understand  the composition  of  matter:  The world  is built  from  small  units,  and not a homogeneous  mass.      About  3i Group    3i is an investment  company  with  two complementary  businesses,  Private  Equity  and  Infrastructure,  specializing  in core  investment  markets  in Northern  Europe  and North   America.  3i’s Private  Equity  team  provides  investment  solutions  for growing  companies,   backing  entrepreneurs  and management  teams  of mid-market  companies  with  an Enterprise   Value  typically  between  €100m  - €500m.  The company  backs  international  growth  plans,   providing  access  to its network  and expertise  to accelerate  the growth  of companies  across  the consumer,  industrial,  healthcare  and business  and technology  services  industries.        Media  contacts:   ten23  health:  Mara  Willa,  mara.willa@ten23.health ; +41 79 489 39 05   3i Group:  Kathryn  van der Kroft,  Kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com  ; +44 20 7975  3021     


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230904_ten23health_press_release_viva.pdf
    ten23  health  expand s sterile  manufacturing  capacity  at its VIVA 1®  facility  through  completion  of its first expansion  and the  introduction  of an additional  shift     Basel , 4th of September  2023 . ten23  health ®, a global  contract  development  and  manufacturing  organization , today  announced  a capacity  expansion  for the manufactur e  of sterile  drug  product  at its Visp  facility . This will help  to meet  rapidly  increasing  customer   demand.   With  customer  demand  for sterile  fill & finish  services  increasing,  ten23  health  is expand ing  the available  capacity  at its VIVA  1®, Visp  Valais  (Switzerland)  sterile  manufact uring facility.    The capacity  increase  of storage  space  and visual  inspection  capabilities  has previously  been   announced  (19.09.2022  press  release ). Following  the successful  completion  of the GMP   inspection  by Swissmedic  and obtaining  the related  GMP  license,  the new  storage  areas   becomes operational  in September  2023 . Now  the output  of ten23’s  existing  sterile   manufacturing  facility  (Line  1) in Visp  will also be gradually  increased  by a further  50%   capacity,  by hiring  more  staff  to operate  an additional  shift.      In addition,  as announced  previously,  further  expansions  of the overall  pharmaceuti cal  development  and manufacturing  services  of ten23  are underway  at the Company’s  BASE ®  (Basel,  Switzerland)  and VIVA ® (Visp,  Switzerland)  facilities  to support  the industry’s growing   demand  for complex  sterile  product  development,  testing  and manufacturing.  Through  VIVA   2®, ten23  is building  two additional  filling  lines  for sterile  commercial  supplies  of ready -to- use syringes,  cartridges,  and vials  (line  2) and liquid  or freeze -dried  clinical  and commercial   vial supplies  (line  3). The project  is on track  and a first customer  project  and tech  transfer  is  signed  for manufacturing  in 2024  and 2025 .  “We  are thrilled  to offer  our customers  additional  sterile  manufacturing  capacity  for  sophis ticated  and highly  precise  Drug  Product -presentations  such  as syringes  and cartridges,   increased  capacity  until  the two new  production  lines  becoming  fully  operational.”  said Prof.   Dr. Hanns -Christian  Mahler,  CEO of ten23  health . “With  recent  demand  increases  for clinical   as well as commercial  drug  launches,  our customers  are keen  to take  advantage  of increased   capacity  from  the existing  VIVA  1® facility,  before  the new  plant  VIVA  2® will be utilized  for  larger  scales”    About  ten23  health ®   ten23  health®,  located  in Basel  and Visp , Switzerland,  is the human -centric  and sustainable   strategic  partner  of choice  for the pharmaceutical  industry  and biotech  start -ups:  we  develop,  manufacture,  and test modern  sterile  medicines.  At our two sites  we support  our  clients  in developing , manufacturing  and testing  differentiated,  complex,  stable,  usable,  and  safe injectable  treatment  options  for patients.    ten23  health ® combines  the latest  scientific  findings  with  proven  and tested  world -class   industry  and regulatory  expertise  to forge  new  paths  for supporting  clients.  We provide  our  innova tive services  in a fair and sustainable  manner,  respecting  people’s  health  and the  future  of our planet.  ten23  health  is solidly  financed  through  the long -term  commitment  of  3i Group,  an internationally  reputable  equity  partner.      About  BASE ® and VIVA ®  BASE® and VIVA®  are our two facilities  in Basel  and Visp  Valais , Switzerland . It stands  for our  roots  in Basel  and life and nature  in Valais.  We have  a strong  connection  to the local  region,   and we value  our roots,  life and nature  and provide  Swiss  Quality . At ten23  health  we  embrac e diversity  with  employees  from  different  nationalities  while  still cherishing   traditions.  We are proud  to be an employer  in Switzerland  where  we can show  our  commitment  to Patients,  People  and Planet.         About  the company’s  name   The numeric  value  for the number  of molecules  in a sample  of one mol is called  Avogadro   constant  and equals  6.022  * 10 23. Gram  quantities  of material  contain  the incredible   number  of 10 23 atoms,  which  was an important  discovery  to understand  the composition  of  matter:  The world  is built  from  small  units,  and not a homogeneous  mass.     About  3i Group    3i is an investment  company  with  two complementary  businesses,  Private  Equity  and  Infrastructure,  specializing  in core  investment  markets  in Northern  Europe  and North   America.  3i’s Private  Equity  team  provides  investment  solutions  for growing  companies,   backing  entrepreneurs  and management  teams  of mid-market  companies  with  an Enterprise   Value  typically  between  €100m  - €500m.  The company  backs  international  growth  plans,   providing  access  to its network  and expertise  to accelerate  the growth  of companies  across  the consumer,  industrial,  healthcare  and business  and technology  services  industries.        Media  contacts:   ten23  health:  Mara  Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health ; +41 79 489 39 05   3i Group:  Kathryn  van der Kroft,  Kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com ; +44 20 7975  3021     


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230710_ten23_press_release_QC.pdf
1  ten23 health announces expansion with the launch of quality control services Basel, Switzerland 10th July 2023. ten23 health® announces the launch of “quality control” (QC) service offerings in Switzerland for release and stability testing of clinical and commercial sterile drug products according to international cGMP standards.  The new quality control division will be set up at two locations of ten23 to cater to diverse testing requirements and to best align with our other offerings on each site. In Basel ten23 health® will offer physico-chemical testing, including content, purity, identity and pharmacopeial methods to ensure the release and stability of sterile, pharmaceutical Drug Products for clinical and commercial use.  These services will be integrated with the pharmaceutical development service provided by ten23 in Basel. Simultaneously, in Visp, we will provide microbiological quality control services, encompassing environment monitoring and final product microbiological testing, including sterility. The microbiological services in Visp will be co-located with our operations of our sterile product manufacturing and where we are currently underway with the expansion, constructing further sterile filling capacity. ten23 already has hired experts into critical roles for our QC services, and these new service offerings will also bring additional potential for future jobs in both the Basel and Visp regions. We expect to be operational and GMP ready for our quality control services by Q2/2024.  The introduction of quality control services complements ten23’s existing offerings, making it an ideal partner for pharmaceutical companies throughout the product life cycle. Clients can now benefit from the seamless integration of services that cover development, manufacturing and testing. This includes our offerings for formulation development, DP process development, analytical method development, packaging and device selection support and integration, special testing for Particulates and Container Closure Integrity, stability testing, GMP fill & finish and GMP release and stability testing.  2 This strategic move further solidifies ten23’s commitment to delivering comprehensive and high-quality services to its esteemed clients & partners. By offering a range of testing capabilities ten23 will become an integrated solution provider for pharmaceutical companies seeking reliable and efficient pharmaceutical supply chain solutions for sterile drug products, supporting to develop and commercialize safe, effective and well differentiated sterile products for the benefit of our customers patients.  “We are excited to announce the expansion and the launch of our quality control services,” said Hanns-Christian Mahler, CEO of ten23 health®. “By adding these services, we aim to streamline the development, testing and manufacturing processes for our clients, enabling them to focus on their core competencies while we can handle their needs for pharmaceutical development, sterile manufacturing and testing. We are confident that our expanded offerings will provide immense value to our clients and contribute to the speed and regulatory and commercial success of their pharmaceutical endeavours to the benefit of their patients.” About ten23 health®  ten23 health®, located in Basel, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients. Our second site, located in Visp, Switzerland, is a world leader in the sterile production of complex pharmaceutical dosage forms and a wholly owned co-subsidiary of ten23 health.  ten23 health combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly financed through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.   About the company’s name  The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mol is called the Avogadro constant and equals 6.022 * 10 23. The world is built from small units, and not a homogeneous mass.    Media contacts:  ten23 health®: Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health; +41 79 489 39 05   3i Group: Kathryn van der Kroft, kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com; +44 20 7975 3021    


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230703_ten23_press_release_elio_engl.pdf
  1     ten23 health partners with Elio to integrate innovation & sustainability into process design  Basel, July 3rd 2023 ten23 health®, a global contract development and manufacturing organization for sterile medicines, and Elio, an AI co-pilot for eco-design, announced today their collaboration to integrate sustainability into process design for parenteral products. The collaboration aims to leverage advanced technologies, to seamlessly integrate sustainability considerations into technical process design, empowering technical experts to prioritize sustainability as an inherent part of their decision-making process when designing sterile medicine formulations or manufacturing processes. Recognizing the urgent need for sustainable practices across industries, ten23 health and Elio are harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and big data to drive change and foster environmentally conscious development. By infusing sustainability into the core of technical process design we seek to establish a new standard that prioritises eco-friendly practices without compromising innovation, efficacy, safety and quality. Building on their shared commitment, the two companies kicked off this important collaboration at ten23 health’s development location in Basel. This intensive on-site work has already allowed the teams to align their expertise, exchange insights and lay the groundwork for what is to come.  “The partnership between us represents a significant step forward in our mission to integrate sustainability into all processes and into everything we do,” said Hanns-Christian Mahler, Chief Enablement Officer (CEO) of ten23 health.  “One of ten23’s core sustainability values is collaboration for the good of the planet. This is why we are extremely proud to partner with Elio, to support the creation of what we see as a game-changing, innovative, solution for the pharmaceutical industry. It will facilitate the accelerated assessment and uptake of sustainable solutions at the rate our planet needs,” continued Alissa Monk, Fairstainability Co-Lead and Co-lead for this project.     2 Andrea Allmendinger, Chief Scientific Officer (CSO) at ten23 health added, “This partnership mirrors our company’s vision for sustainability and our ambition to lead by example, to go the extra mile and to encourage and motivate our partners, customers as well as competitors in the pharma sector to drive positive change.”   “If we had imagined the perfect industry partner for bringing Elio's solution to pharma, ten23 health embodies that ideal. With their scientific expertise, industry influence, and genuine, vertically embedded commitment to sustainability, they will expedite the adoption of Elio's technical solution as a new industry standard, beginning with their own processes.” stated Kami Krista, CEO of Elio.  About ten23 health®   ten23 health®, located in Basel, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients. Our second site, located in Visp, Switzerland, is a world leader in the sterile production of complex pharmaceutical dosage forms and a wholly owned co-subsidiary of ten23 health.   ten23 health combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly financed through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.    About the company’s name  The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mol is called the Avogadro constant and equals 6.022 * 10 23. The world is built from small units, and not a homogeneous mass.     About Elio Elio’s mission is to enable every company to manufacture their products sustainably, starting with pharmaceuticals. We provide companies with complex manufacturing processes with an AI-enabled eco-design platform that allows process experts to effortlessly consider more sustainable options to their consumables and the process design itself.    3     Websites: Elio www.elio.earth ten23 health: www.ten23.health  Media contacts:   ten23 health®: Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health +41 79 489 39 05    3i Group: Kathryn van der Kroft, kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com; +44 20 7975 3021    Elio: Kami Krista,  press@elio.earth 


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230530_ten23_press_release_sustainability.pdf
1   ten23 health publishes its Fairstainability Impact Report 2022 and is delivering good progress on Patients, People and Planet goals  Basel, Switzerland 30 May 2023. ten23 health® announces the publication of its fully voluntary Fairness and Sustainability (“Fairstainability”) Impact report 2022, detailing activities and data from last year, as well as recent progress against our Goals, In line with ten23 health’s commitment on Patients, People and Planet.  In 2022, ten23 health® continued the implementation of plastic recycling in the Basel laboratories, reducing plastic disposables, and switching to biodegradable materials or to reusable equipment where possible. An annual evaluation of the non-recycled plastic waste was made (e.g., for hazardous waste streams when the contaminated plastics cannot be recycled) and it was decided to remove an equivalent quantity of plastics from the marine and coastal environment, in partnership with Seven Clean Seas.  Further, in 2022, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions were reduced by 10.6% (in tons of CO2e by revenue) compared to 2021 through energy efficiency actions. ten23 health’s target is to continuously use 100% renewable electricity and to offset residual operational Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions through our CO2e activity portfolio, which includes certified offsets as well as the recently announced Direct Carbon Capture (DCC) in collaboration with Climeworks. In 2022, a gender pay gap analysis was performed by an external third-party for Basel employees. The results show that there is no imbalance to the advantage of any gender.  A further pay-gap analysis is being conducted in 2023, covering both Basel and Visp sites. In addition, ten23 obtained the Swiss LGBTI label certification in 2022 and is continuing to ensure and promote diversity in the workplace through related targets. ten23 also rolled out its sustainable benefits, including our sustainable mobility scheme. One 2022 highlight for ten23 was the implementation of the “Klima” app in April, to measure and motivate all employees to understand and reduce their personal CO2e footprint: Since the launch of the program, the total amount of GHG emissions compensated for our employees equaled 1,685 t CO2e in 2022 (from 1st April to 31st December).  ten23 health® also continues to work in full alignment with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Other specific initiatives in 2022 have included targeting Health and Wellbeing (SDG3), Gender Equality (SDG 5), Decent Work and Economic Growth (SDG 8), Responsible Consumption and Production (SDG 12), and Climate Action (SDG 13). The company was recipient  2 of the 2022 Modern Work Award in the category “Modern Work Performer”, acknowledging our ambitions and performance in embodying our purpose- and value-driven culture throughout the company. Hanns-Christian Mahler, Chief Enablement Officer of ten23 health, commented: “At ten23 health, we work towards our Purpose and aim to embrace Sustainability in all decisions and actions we take. Our commitments to Patients, People and Planet are driving our actions, with the aim to be a climate-positive business and leave a Heartprint - for our colleagues in ten23, as well as our partners and customers.”  We have been able to make further significant progress on our journey towards becoming a more sustainable business in 2022, and I am especially proud of the commitment, creativity and enthusiasm shown by our team in meeting our goals and the level of support and appreciation by our customers.”  About ten23 health®  ten23 health®, located in Basel, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients. Our second site, located in Visp, Switzerland, is a world leader in the sterile production of complex pharmaceutical dosage forms and a wholly owned co-subsidiary of ten23 health.  ten23 health combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly financed through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.   About the company’s name  The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mol is called the Avogadro constant and equals 6.022 * 10 23. The world is built from small units, and not a homogeneous mass.     Media contacts:  ten23 health®: Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health; +41 79 489 39 05   3i Group: Kathryn van der Kroft, Kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com; +44 20 7975 3021    


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/230501_ten23_press_release_Bionter.pdf
  1   Non-destructive particle counting - ten23 health and Bionter collaborate to improve testing of particulates in sterile products.  Basel, 2nd of May 2023 ten23 health, a global contract development and manufacturing organization, and Bionter, a premium supplier of analytical testing technology, announced today their collaboration to advance innovative testing methods of particulate matter. • Bionter has launched EVE, a fully automated particle testing system, to assess sub-visible particulate contamination for parenteral drug applications based on light obscuration. • ten23 health has been running customer samples on an EVE system and is also acting as an application center for Bionter. • Due to the non-destructive nature of Bionter’s EVE particle testing equipment, the same sample can be further analyzed with orthogonal analyzing methods whilst minimizing sample volume needed. • The Bionter installation complements ten23 health’s comprehensive method and equipment panel for the characterization and assessment of aggregates and particulates, including light obscuration, automated flow imaging, nano-tracking analysis (NTA), Dynamic or Static light scattering stand-alone or coupled with chromatographic separation techniques, as well as identification of visible particles by spectroscopic methods.   Dr. Björn Boll, Senior Director for Particle Characterization and Drug Product Design at ten23 health commented: “We are excited to offer this new technology to our customers. It offers several advantages over established methods that    2 could improve workflows due to automation and reduction of sample consumption.” Dr. Tobias Werk, CEO of Bionter, stated: “We strive to develop innovative solutions for our customers. The partnership with ten23 gives us insight into the daily challenges of biologics analytics and allows and inspires us to further tailor our solutions to the true needs.”  About ten23 health  ten23 health®, located in Basel, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test modern medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients. Our second site, located in Visp, Switzerland, is a world leader in the sterile production of complex pharmaceutical dosage forms and a wholly owned subsidiary of ten23 health.  ten23 health combines the latest scientific findings with proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. ten23 health is solidly financed through the long-term commitment of 3i Group, an internationally reputable equity partner.   About Bionter Bionter is a Swiss-based Biotech start-up. Since the foundation in 2020, Bionter has established successful prototype testing with 4 global Pharma companies, received successful seed funding from a US investor and launched their first product in Europe and the US. The team has significant experience in particle analytics as well as the commercialization of biotech products. Bionter’s first product, EVE, is a fully automated particulate matter detection system, that works non-destructive with the sample used and is fully compliant with current regulations.   3 Bionter is a premium supplier of analytical testing solutions and contributes to the benefit of people's health by helping pharma companies and their service providers to bring drugs faster and safer to the market.       Media contacts: ten23 health: Mara Willa, mara.willa@ten23.health; +41 79 489 39 05  Bionter: Angelika Schrems, angelika.schrems@bionter.com; +41 77 266 53 96 3i Group: Kathryn van der Kroft, Kathryn.VanDerKroft@3i.com; +44 20 7975 3021  


 
https://www.ten23.health
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/Reports/230607.FairstainabilityReport2022.pdf
Do not print this report, act for the planet!1Fairstainability Impact Report 2022 For the second year in a row, we are  voluntarily and transparently publishing  our efforts linked to Fairness and  Sustainability in 2022. We continue  our ambition to serve as a patient- centric, human-focused and sustainable  strategic partner of choice for the  pharmaceutical and biotech industry.  This year marked a major milestone for  ten23 health as our two sites in Basel and  in Visp (formerly Swissfillon) have come  together into one unified ten23 health. In this report, we are proud to share  our significant progress towards our   fairness and sustainability agenda and  goals in line with our overall commitments  to Patients, People and Planet.We also acknowledge the need for  increased action to support having the  chance to keep the 1.5°C goal for the  benefit of humankind and the planet.  Our ambition is to lead by example, to  go the extra mile and to encourage and  motivate our partners, customers as well  as competitors in the pharma sector to  drive positive change. We are very proud of what we have  already achieved during less than 2 years  of existence!   If you have questions or suggestions on  how we, at ten23 health, can become  more transparent and more driven  towards Patients, People and Planet,  please contact us. Carole Schanté, Fairstainability Officer Hanns-Christian Mahler, Chief Enablement Officer, ten23 health JanBart Wilmink, Chief People Officer Tamara Hell, JEDI and LGBTQ+ employee representative On behalf of our Fairstainability Circle and the whole companyStay safe and healthy, Do not print this report, act for the planet! 2Our pledges At ten23 health, we established our  Fairstainability fundaments right at  the company’s inception. We believe  that Sustainability and Fairness are not  optional: they are mandatory values  for the planet and humankind. These  commitments to Patients, People and  Planet are driving our actions: Our focus on Patients, People and Planet is deeply engrained into our Purpose and DNA: we have included it in our chamber of commercial registry through clauses that state   our strive for a material positive impact on the society and the environment. Patients People Planet Create value for society  as a whole in our mission  to support our clients  improving patients’ livesFoster and promote  equality, diversity and wellbeing for our employees and their familiesBecome a climate positive business SDG: 3, 8, 12 SDG: 3, 5, 8 SDG: 12, 13 Other SDGs: 1, 6, 16, 17Other SDGs: 4, 10Other SDGs: 6, 7, 9, 11, 14, 15 2Do not print this report, act for the planet!3 The Sustainable   Development Goals  At ten23 health, we are committed to  sustainable development for both our  employees and stakeholders, including  the planet. We believe that businesses  have major incentives to contribute to  the SDGs and that we as a new player  in the pharmaceutical service (“CDMO”)  space may play a role in becoming a  posterchild to established companies  in the field and leaving a heartprint - a  transformative impact.  We aligned our strategy and business  model with these goals, to identify  and actively manage risks, identify  opportunities for growth and increase  trust with our stakeholders. We  integrated our commitments to  all stakeholders rather than only  shareholders into our company  governing documents and governance  bodies. And we made public pledges  that go beyond the industry standard in  line with our sustainability ambitions for  prioritized goals we can most influence. These public pledges were verified  in Q2 2022 by the Swiss Triple Impact  Program (STI) from B Lab Switzerland  and can be found here: From the 17 Sustainable Development  Goals (SDGs) developed by the United  Nations, we have identified our 5  priority goals and have defined formal  actions for each of them. swisstripleimpact.chDo not print this report, act for the planet! 4Our Commitments Goal 1: By 2025, will we remove twice as much  plastic from the environment than we send  to final disposal.Goal 2: By 2025, we will reduce our greenhouse  gas emissions by 50 % on Scopes 1 & 2,  committing to being part of the Science- Based Targets initiative (SBTi)*.  Our target on responsible consumption and  production shows the sustained positive  impact we aim to have. It is a clear incentive  to go as far as possible to reduce, substitute  or recycle plastics, as we do not simply aim  to offset plastics waste that goes to final  disposal. Removal of plastic waste from the  ocean environment will be done through  partnership and funding of projects (such as  with Seven Clean Seas).   In 2022, we continued the implementation  of the plastic recycling in Basel laboratories  and overcame several initial hurdles. We  initiated conversations about solutions to  reduce plastic disposables in labs, switching to  biodegradable or to reusable where possible,  and we placed plastic waste collection bins  in dedicated places to direct plastic waste  to recycling. We also estimated the plastic  content of our different waste streams (e.g.  for hazardous waste when the contaminated  plastics cannot be recycled) and decided to  remove an equivalent quantity of plastics from  the environment in 2022. * On a 2021 basis, pro rata to the months of  activity in the year, in tons of CO2e by revenue. When we think about sustainability, one of  the major risk areas is climate change: if we  continue ‘business as usual’, the consequences  will be unmanageable for the planet, humankind  and us as a business. We need to act now,  across all sectors and levels, and jointly work  towards a prosperous and equitable future for  humanity on earth.   At ten23 health, our target to continuously  use 100% renewable electricity and to offset  our operational Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse  gas emissions through the purchase of gold- standard certificates. However we view  compensation payment as a last resort and  decided to walk the extra mile by setting a  short-term goal to reduce our GHG emissions  intensity by 50% by 2025 on a 2021 basis. In  parallel, we will work on the establishment of  science-based targets, to carve in stone our  long-term engagement to help prevent the  worst impacts of climate change.   In 2022, we reduced our GHG emissions by  10.6% (in tons of CO2e by revenue) compared  to 2021 through energy efficiency actions.  Do not print this report, act for the planet!5 Our Commitments Goal 3: By 2023, we will achieve equal treatment of  all employees in the workspace, ensuring no  gender pay gap*. SDG 3: Good Health and Well-BeingGoal 4: By 2023, we promote diversity in the  workspace by targeting minimum 50%  non-cis-male employees and obtaining the  Swiss LGBTI label certification. It is a priority at ten23 health to ensure  fairness and equal treatment for all. We are  committed to ensure and promote equity,  diversity, and women empowerment through  our core business.   In 2022,  a gender pay-gap analysis was  performed by an external third-party for all  our Basel employees. The results show that  there is no imbalance to the advantage of  any gender. We have also aligned our internal  processes between our sites in Basel and  Visp, implementing a single set of company  frameworks, including compensation and  benefits to better align our practices. We will  conduct another pay-gap analysis in 2023, this  time covering both Basel and Visp sites. Creation of a new role dedicated to mental and  physical health and well-being Participation in the Bike to Work Challenge,  with 9 teams and 36 participants, amounting to  195 days of biking, a total of 1870 km of cycling Roll-out of discounts for gym registration in  Basel and Visp Weekly running and bouldering sessions in Visp  for colleagues to join 12 colleagues in the role “Mental Health First  Aider” who all completed the ENSA Training for  Mental health first aiders.In addition to gender equality, diversity and  inclusion are key for us at ten23 health and we  believe in equal treatment of all employees in  the workspace. In 2022, we already achieved our 2023 goal to  obtain the Swiss LGBTI Label and organized  internal events to promote diversity for  example, Pride Month in June, trainings on  Diversity and Inclusion, Pride office day on  October 11. We expanded the team of LGBTQ+  employee representatives to two colleagues.  We have also set clear diversity targets for  recruitment for an inclusive and innovative  work environment.* Carried out by third-party assessment. What have we done   for Sustainability   and Fairness in 2022  Do not print this report, act for the planet! 6 SDG 5: Gender EqualitySDG 8: Decent Work and Economic Growth Participation in the Pride Index, scoring a good  72.4%, and developing an action plan to further  improve Finalization of the baby and child-friendly  family room, for nursing mothers and parents  at our Basel site Participation in a 12-month program for Target  Gender Equity provided by the United Nations  Global Compact Academia (2 team members) Pride Month (June) and Pride Office Day  (October) events in Basel and Visp 12 colleagues in the role “Mental Health First  Aider” who all completed the ENSA Training for  Mental health first aiders.Submission and approval as Pending B Corp  member Increase of members in our Fairstainability  Circle team to 14 and creation of new roles,  including: Sustainability in the lab, Diversity,  Inclusion and LGBTIQ+ Officer in Basel  and in Visp, Fairstainable Travel Explorer,  Visp Sustainability Emissary, Sustainability  Innovation.  Finalization and roll-out of Supplier  Code of Conduct and questionnaire  to our priority suppliers. Implementation and completion of  Ethics & Compliance trainings for all Fairstainability Onboarding workshops for  all new colleagues in Basel and in Visp. Additional Fairstainability trainings for all  employees on multiple topics: Responsible  purchasing, Zero Waste lifestyle, Zero Waste  year-end celebration, Composting. Creation of 43 jobs in Basel and Visp  (from 88 to 131 employees in 2022) Recipient of the 2022 Modern Work Award  in the category “Modern Work Performer”,  acknowledging our ambitions and performance  in embodying our purpose- and value-driven  culture throughout the company.What have we done   for Sustainability   and Fairness in 2022 Do not print this report, act for the planet!7SDG 12: Responsible Consumption and ProductionSDG 13: Climate Action Improvement of plastic sorting and recycling  system in Basel Installation of filters for safe tap water  drinking in Basel (already available in Visp) to  avoid plastic bottle waste Implementation of availability of Viva Con  Agua water and organic fairtrade Lemonaid  drinks for guests, both brands supporting  social projects. Implementation of Goldeimer toilet paper  ‘the social toilet paper’ - all profits from  this toilet paper are used for charitable  purposes to support educational work and  sanitation projects Successful test phase of Treerolls towels for  hand-drying by RVR – 1 tree planted for each  roll used Joining the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain  Initiative (PSCI), a non-profit organization, to  contribute to the establishment and promotion  of responsible supply chain practices. Removal of 5 tons of plastic waste from the  sea environment through Seven Clean SeasImplementation of the Klima app to reduce  personal CO2 footprint of our workforce and  start offsetting for all employees. Total offset  value: 1,685 tCO2e in 2022 (from Apr. 1 until  Dec. 31, 2022). First activities to support our  employees in reducing their personal CO2e  footprint have been initiated. Active participation in Climate Strike with  Fridays for Future on Sept 23rd Strong participation in the Time for Climate  Action campaign by Leaders for Climate  Action (LFCA) Roll out of Ecosia search engine as default  for whole company. Ecosia is supporting  planting trees with their profits. Setting of vegetarian catering as default  during company offsite event Roll-out offering of sustainability mobility  scheme: Swiss half-fare travel card  (“Halbtax”) for all employees and bike repair  costs. Participation in the Climate Ambition  Accelerator program from the United Nations  Global Compact, to build the foundations of  our science-based target 2025 strategyWhat have we done   for Sustainability   and Fairness in 2022  Do not print this report, act for the planet! 8“New Pay” Innovathon with the University  of Zurich: We collaborated by tasking an  Innovathon on “how to compensate in a new- work organization” - and our project and  student team even won!Our Fairstainability mindset pushes us to share our ideas,  achievements and to seek inputs from different stakeholders  outside the boundaries of the company. We believe that  transparency and sharing are essential community values  to be on-track with our ambitions. We give importance to  attending events and contribute to discussions that are tied  to our vision and goals including: BaselArea Sustainability in Healthcare Panel  Discussion  Swiss Triple Impact Regional Platform Chapter event  Inner Development Goals (IDG) Switzerland  Community Gathering Doughnut Economics Workshop,  doing a  Doughnut EconomicsmAction Lab (DEAL)  workshop assessment for ten23 health  Loop Fellow Forum in Berlin,  presenting on  “Looping in einem pharmazeutischen Service- Provider Startup”OPEN MIC: NEXT IN HEALTH SERIES – Net Zero  HealthcareAnd also See Postwith practical steps, Board Members can take  to support a Positive Impact Strategy in their  businesses.  #SBA2030  members discussed  and shared best practices on a broad range of  important topics such as the evolving role of  boards, stakeholder governance, supply chain  engagement, bylaw changes and how to build a  purpose-led organization and strategy. Our external participation in 2022 Sustainability for Board masterclass  (B-Lab/IMD) Masterclass “New Pay” Innovathon with the  University of Zurich Do not print this report, act for the planet!9Partnerships,   Memberships,   Associations Swiss Triple Impact: we participate in events  and are listed in their Directory.  Pending B Corp: we obtained the Pending  status at B Corporation, being a strong  engagement demonstrating that we  take measures to manage our social and  environmental performance.  UN Global Compact: we reiterated our  support to the UN Global Compact in our  Communication on Progress 2022. Swiss LGBTI label to support and advance our  LGBTQ+ awareness and efforts Seven Clean Seas: Through our continuing  partnership 5 tons of plastic have been pulled  out from the marine environments and coastal  areas in 2022Swiss Boards for Agenda 2030 (SBA2030):  an alliance of CEOs and board members  committing to take actions for positive  impacts aligned with the UN SDGs. Leaders For Climate Action: we participated  in the Time For Climate Action campaign and  their Mastermind group for Health Care.ÖBU (Verband für nachhaltiges Wirtschaften,  Gemeinwohlökonomie): to exchange on  growing a sustainable and people-focused  business. Klima app: we support a carbon-neutral  workforce. Joined the “equal pay” initiative Switzerland,  that confirmed us as 3rd party of our equal  pay, this participation as mentioned before  indicated we are treating genders not different  with respect to compensation & benefits. “If you want to go fast, go alone; if you want  to go far, go together”. We strongly adhere  to this African proverb and put a big focus on  collaboration and collective action to expand,  guide and support our ambitions. We want  to be part of a bigger whole, a movement  towards a more inclusive, equitable, and  regenerative economy. Our partnerships and  memberships are important and key for our  commitments and goals.  9Do not print this report, act for the planet! 10Our projects selection is split as follows Direct air capture:  Primeval forest protection:  Renaturation of Swiss Moors:   Clean development projects:  5 tCO2 offset (Partner: ClimeWorks) 20 tCO2 offset (Partner: The Generation Forest) 25 tCO2 offset (Partner: MyClimate) 330 tCO2 offset (Partner: Atmosfair) We are proud of all our colleagues working together at ten23 health. We value the talents, expertise,  knowledge and strengths of each individual. Together we want to create the best work environment  for all to thrive and grow, ensuring diversity, inclusion and fairness. Number of employees:   Non cis-male employees: Non-Swiss: Nationalities:  Handicapped:131 (compared to 88 end 2021)  |  54 in Basel  |  77 in Visp 55% 53% 21 1 person (Collaboration with www.Mitschaffe.ch)Climate Strategy Our PeopleWe are committed to compensating for the  negative climate impacts of our operations  by working with different partners to offset  our unavoidable Scope 1, 2 and 3 operational  Greenhouse Gases (GHG) emissions, through  different solutions and projects. In 2022,  we supported local moorland renaturation  projects in Switzerland, as well as acquired  more shares to protect primeval rainforests  (now 1 hectare), both ecosystems being key for  biodiversity conservation. Through these projects and initiatives, we  offset a total of 510 tCO2e, more than our 495  tCO2e operational carbon footprint. In addition, and beyond our company boundaries,  through Klima, we support a carbon-neutral  workforce by offsetting 120% of the average  Swiss personal carbon footprint for each  We support direct air capture (the process of  removing carbon dioxide from the air to store  it – crucial to avoid the most catastrophic  impacts of climate change, thanks to the  durability of the storage), and Gold-Standard  clean development projects (promoting the  expansion of renewable energies in developing  countries, essentials to reaching the UN SDGs). employee, helping and educating our interested  employees in learning how to reduce emissions  related to their work as well as to their private  lives. Total offset value: 1,685 tCO2e in 2022. A  small portion of which compensates for the 130  tCO2e related to our GHG Scope 3 emissions  from employee commuting. 10Do not print this report, act for the planet!11Our Performance Data 2022 ten23 health Group ENERGY (kilowatt-hour kWh)   WATER (m3) OPERATIONAL WASTE (metric tons)   GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (tCO2e)  Total energy consumption 2  Total water withdrawal   Total waste generated 3 GHG total Sc1+2 (market-based) 115,6 131,3 GHG emissions reduction (in tCO2e by revenue) Baseline 10.6% GHG total Sc1+2 (market-based) per FTE 1,79 1,13 GHG Scope 3 operational emissions 5282,9 281,0 GHG total Sc1+2+3 operational emissions 6480,3 494,8 GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS OFFSETS 490 (102%) 510 (103%)n.d. 18,7   % waste recycled n.d. 38% Plastic offsets 410,0 5,03 220 280 17 2175 004 793 62 070Energy intensity (Employees, kWh/FTE) 50 004,4 43 238,0Purchased electricity From third-party (contact water)  From surface water (cooling water) GHG Scope 1 0,0 0,0 GHG Scope 2, purchased energy (market-based) 2115,6 131,3 GHG Scope 3, fuel and energy related activities 70,7 78,2 GHG Scope 3, waste generated in operations 70,8 17,3 GHG Scope 3, business travel 24,1 54,0 GHG Scope 3, employee commuting 117,3 131,62 478 229 1 568 15 6493 230 136 2 608 59 462Purchased heating (steam, hot water, other) 742 051 1 774 657202112022 Aug-Dec 2021 (Basel) Full Year 2021 (Visp)Full Year 2022 Notes: 1. Our 2021 dataset covers 12 months of Operational data for our site in Visp, and 5 months of operational data (Aug-Dec) for our site in Basel          (which we took over in August 2021) 2. In 2022 we are operating on 100% renewable electricity. Steam and hot water are still generated from natural gas. 3. We improved our waste data collection process in 2022 in line with our ambition to divert plastic waste from final disposal. 4. We commissioned Seven Clean Seas to recover 5000kg of plastic from the marine environments and coastal areas. 5. In 2022 we improved data quality across all categories. Scope 3 emissions included in our operational GHG emissions are: fuel-  and energy-         related activities not included in Sc1 or Sc2; waste generated in operations; business travel; and employee commuting. 6. Due to the use of some statistical values and assumptions, an uncertainty margin of 20% is added to our emissions result to cover our full        operational climate impact through our offsetting.  11Do not print this report, act for the planet! 12Disclaimer: ten23 health is providing the information in this Fairstainability report as of 17. April 2022 and does not undertake any  obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These materials contain forward-looking statements, that can generally be identified by words such as „potential“,  „expected“, „will“, „planned“, or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of management regarding future  events, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks  or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, this might lead to materially different  results from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. In particular, our expectations could be  affected by, among other things: uncertainties regarding the success of key products and services and commercial  priorities; global trends uncertainties regarding future demand for our product and services; uncertainties in the  research and development of new healthcare products of and services to our customers, including clinical trial results  and additional analysis of existing clinical data; the impact of pandemic diseases such as COVID-19 on research,  development and manufacturing timelines; and other risks and factors. 12


 
https://www.ten23.health
ten23 health – your human-centric and sustainable CDMO This site uses cookies.
Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering
Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical
Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People,
Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News
& Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login
Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product
Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients,
People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners &
Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact
Contact us Design. Formulate. Deliver. ten23 health is the human-centric and
sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and
biotech start-ups for the development, manufacture, and testing of tomorrow’s
medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable,
usable, and safe injectable treatments for patients. Contact us ten23 health
combines the latest scientific findings with our proven and tested world-class
industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for our clients’ needs.
We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner,
respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. Previous Development
Strategy read more Formulation Design read more Administration, Compatibility
& Usability read more Drug/Device Integration read more Molecule Selection &
Characterization read more Analytical Development & Testing read more
Packaging & Device Characterization read more Molecules Supported read more
Troubleshooting & Regulatory Support read more Manufacturing Process Transfer,
Characterization and Validation read more Clinical Fill & Finish and
Commercial Supplies read more Stability & Pre-clinical Supplies read more Next
Patients, People, Planet Our team at ten23 health is strongly purpose-driven.
We put Patients, People and Planet at the center of our decisions and actions.
explore The Team We are combining world-class expertise in science,
development, and regulatory requirements to best support the development of
tomorrow’s medicines. explore Interested to learn more about ten23 health?
Watch the Trailer News Press Releases ten23 health ® publishes its 2023
Fairstainability Impact Report and reports major progress on its
Sustainability Goals Basel, 22 of April 2024: ten23 health recognizes the
importance of environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and its goal
of driving positive change in the pharmaceutical and CDMO industry. The 2023
Fairstainability Impact Report transparently provides the status and progress
towards achieving ten23´s sustainability goals. Download Press Release
Download Report Press Releases ten23 health ® and Ypsomed collaborate for the
commercialization of patch injector Burgdorf & Basel, 16 of April 2024. ten23
health® and Ypsomed, a leader in developing and manufacturing the new
generation of patient-friendly injection and infusion systems, accounted today
entering into partnership. The aim of this collaboration is to advance the
commercialization of the YpsoDose wearable injector for the subcutaneous self-
injection of large-volume doses. ten23’s drug development, filling and device
assembly expertise will significantly contribute to the product offering.
Download Press Releases ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic
partnership agreement for integrated services. Basel, Switzerland, 25 of March
2024: ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development and manufacturing
organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading
provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership
to provide a streamlined offering for pharmaceutical and biotech companies
that require sterile drug/device combination products. Download Press Releases
ten23 health´s VIVA2 large-scale pre-filled syringe, cartridge, and vial
aseptic Filling Line 2 in Switzerland GMP operational by end 2024 Basel,
Switzerland, 18 of March 2024. ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development
and manufacturing organization, today accounted that its VIVA2 aseptic large-
scale pre-filled syringe (PFS), vial and cartridge Filling Line 2 will be GMP
operational by the end of 2024. Download Press Releases On eve of CPHI Hanns-
Christian Mahler stresses the importance of holistic sterile drug product
development Basel, 23 rd of October 2023: On the eve of CPHI, ten23 health®, a
global contract development and manufacturing organization, today announced
that CEO Hanns-Christian Mahler will give a webinar stressing the importance
of holistic sterile drug product development. Download You missed the webinar?
You can rewatch it here Press Releases ten23 health announces the successful
implementation and certification of the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management for
its Development services in Basel. Basel, 11 th of September 2023. ten23
health® is happy to announce this implementation. Using ISO 9001 helps ensure
that customers get consistent, good-quality products and services. Download
Press Releases ten23 health expands sterile manufacturing capacity at its VIVA
1® facility through completion of its first expansion and the introduction of
an additional shift Basel, 4th of September 2023. ten23 health® announces a
capacity expansion for the manufacture of sterile drug product at its Visp
facility. This will help to meet rapidly increasing customer demand. Download
Press Releases ten23 health announces expansion with the launch of quality
control services July 10 th , 2023 - ten23 health® announces the launch of
“quality control” (QC) service offerings in Switzerland for release and
stability testing of clinical and commercial sterile drug products according
to international cGMP standards. Download Press Releases ten23 health and
Elio, an AI co-pilot for eco-design, announced today their collaboration to
integrate sustainability into process design for parenteral products. July 3
rd , 2023 - Recognizing the urgent need for sustainable practices across
industries, ten23 health and Elio are harnessing the power of artificial
intelligence (AI) and big data to drive change and foster environmentally
conscious development. Download Press Releases ten23 health publishes its
Fairstainability Impact Report 2022 and is delivering good progress on
Patients, People and Planet goals May 30 th , 2023 - ten23 health announces
the publication of its fully voluntary Fairness and Sustainability
(“Fairstainability”) Impact report 2022, detailing activities and data from
last year, as well as recent progress against our Goals, in line with ten23
health’s commitment on Patients, People and Planet. Download Press Releases
Non-destructive particle counting - t en23 health and Bionter collaborate to
improve testing of particulates in sterile products. May 2 nd , 2023 - ten23
health and Bionter, a premium supplier of analytical testing technology,
announced today their collaboration to advance innovative testing methods of
particulate matter. Download News 04/24/2023 ten23 health publishes its second
Fairstainability report ten23 health’s purpose is collaborating for a healthy
life and planet. The company has therefore voluntarily compiled the status,
assessment and actions taken towards fairstainability in 2022. Interested in
learning more? Click here ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel
Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp:
logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri,
9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing
Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/disclaimer
Disclaimer | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us 1\. What is this Privacy Notice about? The ten23 group (also « we », « us ») collects and processes personal data that concern you but also other individuals (« third parties »). We use the word « data » here interchangeably with « personal data ». More The « ten23 group » means ten23 Health AG and ten23 Holding AG. « Personal data » means data relating to identified or identifiable individuals, which means that the relevant data, in combination with additional data, make it possible to draw conclusions about the identity of these individuals. « Sensitive personal data » are a subset of personal data that is specially protected under applicable data protection law. These include, for example, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, health data, religious or philosophical beliefs, biometric data for identification purposes, and information relating to trade union membership. In Section 3, you will find information about the data we process in accordance with this Privacy Notice. « Processing » means any operation that is performed on personal data, such as collection, storage, use, alteration, disclosure and erasure. In this Privacy Notice, we describe what we do with your data when you use www.ten23.health (« website »), obtain services or products from us, interact with us in relation with a contract, communicate with us or otherwise deal with us. When appropriate we will provide a just-in-time notice to cover any additional processing activities not mentioned in this Privacy Notice. If you disclose data to us or share data with us about other individuals we assume you are authorized to do so and that the relevant data is accurate. When you share data about others with us, you confirm that. Please make sure that these individuals have been informed about this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice is aligned with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (« GDPR ») and the Swiss Data Protection Act (« DPA »). However, the application of these laws depends on each individual case. 2\. Who is the controller for processing your data? ten23 Health AG , Basel (« ten23 ») is the controller for ten23 group’s processing under this Privacy Notice, unless we tell you otherwise in an individual case. However, unless we tell you otherwise, this Privacy Notice also applies where a group company of the ten23 group is the controller, instead of ten23. This applies, in particular, where your data is processed by a group company in relation with legal obligations or contracts with such a group company or where data is exchanged with a group company. More For each processing activity there are one or several parties that are responsible for ensuring that the processing complies with data protection law. This party is called the controller . It is responsible, for example, for responding to access requests (Section 10) or for ensuring that personal data is processed securely and not used in an unlawful manner. Additional parties may be joint controllers for the processing set out in this Privacy Notice if they participate in determining the purpose or means of the processing. All group companies may act as joint controllers. If you wish to receive information about the controllers for a specific processing activity, you are welcome to ask us as part of your access right (Section 10). We remain your primary contact, even if there are other joint controllers. In Section 3, Section 6 and Section 11, you will find additional information about third parties with whom we work together and who are controllers for their processing. If you have any questions for these third parties or if you wish to exercise your rights, please contact them directly. You may contact us for data protection concerns and to exercise your rights under Section 10 as follows: ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 CH- 4058 Basel dataprotection@ ten23 .health Data Protection Representative in the EU according to article 27 GDPR: GDPR REP Clive Mackintosh 26 Westbourne Rd GB-Penarth CF64 3HF https://www.gdprep.org/ clive@datapriva.com Data Protection Representative in the United Kingdom (UK) pursuant to article 27 UK GDPR: GDPR REP Clive Mackintosh 26 Westbourne Rd GB-Penarth CF64 3HF https://www.gdprep.org/ clive@datapriva.com 3\. What data do we process? We process various categories of data about you, including current but also previous versions where information changes over time. The main categories of data are the following: Technical data : When you use our website or other online offerings, we collect the IP address of your terminal device and other technical data in order to ensure the functionality and security of these offerings. This data includes logs with records of the use of our systems. We generally keep technical data for [ 6 ] months. In order to ensure the functionality of these offerings, we may also assign an individual code to you or your terminal device (for example as a cookie, see Section 11). Technical data as such does not permit drawing conclusions about your identity. However, technical data may be linked with other categories of data (and potentially with your person) in relation with user accounts, registrations, access controls or the performance of a contract. More Technical data includes the IP address and information about the operating system of your terminal device, the date, region and time of use and the type of browser that you use to access our electronic offerings. This may help us to provide an appropriate layout of the website. We know through which provider you access our offerings (and therefore also the region) because of the IP address, but usually this does not tell us who you are. However, this changes for example when you create a user account, because personal data can then be linked with technical data (for example, we can know the browser you use to access an account through our website). Examples of technical data include protocols («logs») that are created in our systems (for example the log of user logins to our website). Communication data : When you are in contact with us via the contact form, by e-mail, telephone, or by letter or other means of communication, we collect the data exchanged between you and us, including your contact details and the metadata of the communication. If we have to determine your identity, we collect data to identify you (for example a copy of an ID document). We generally keep this data for [ 12 ] months from the last exchange between us. This period may be longer where required for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons. E-mails in personal mailboxes and written correspondence are generally kept for at least [ 10 ] years. More Communication data is your name and contact details, the means, place and time of communication and usually also its contents (i.e. the contents of e-mails, letters, etc.). This data may also include information about third parties. Master data : With master data we mean the basic data that we need, in addition to contract data (see below), for the performance of our contractual and other business relationships or for marketing and promotional purposes, such as name and contact details, and information about, for example, your role and function, your bank details, your date of birth, customer history, powers of attorney, signature authorizations and declarations of consent. We process your master data if you are a customer or other business contact or work for one (for example as a contact person of the business partner), or because we wish to address you for our own purposes or for the purposes of a contractual partner (for example as part of marketing and advertising). We receive master data from you (for example when you make a purchase or as part of a registration), from parties you work for, or from third parties such as contractual partners, associations and address brokers, and from public sources such as public registers or the internet (websites, etc.). We generally keep master data for [ 10 ] years from the last exchange between us but at least from the end of the contract. This period may be longer if required for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons. For contacts used only for marketing and advertising, the period is usually much shorter, usually no more than [ 2 ] years from the last contact. More Master data includes data such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and other contact details, gender, date of birth, nationality, data about related persons, websites, photos and videos, copies of ID cards; moreover, details of your relationship with us, details of your status, allocations, classifications and mailing lists, details of our interactions with you (if applicable, a history thereof with corresponding entries), reports (for example from the media), or official documents (for example excerpts from the commercial register, permits, etc.) that concern you. In relation with contact persons and representatives of our customers, suppliers and partners, master data includes, for example, name and address, information about the role or function in the company, qualifications and (where applicable) information about superiors, co-workers and subordinates and information about interactions with these persons. Master data is not collected comprehensively for all contacts. The data collected in an individual case depends mostly on the purpose of the processing activity. Contract data : This means data that is collected in relation with the conclusion or performance of a contract, for example information about the contracts and the services provided or to be provided, as well as data from the period leading up to the conclusion of a contract, information required or used for performing a contract, and information about feedback. We generally collect this data from you, from contractual partners and from third parties involved in the performance of the contract, but also from third-party sources (for example credit information providers) and from public sources. We generally keep this data for [ 10 ] years from the last contract activity but at least from the end of the contract. This period may be longer where necessary for evidentiary purposes, to comply with legal or contractual requirements, or for technical reasons. More Contract data includes information about the conclusion of the contract , about your contracts , for example, the type and date of conclusion, information from the application process (such as the application for the performance of our products or services) and information about the relevant contract (for example its duration) and the performance and administration of the contracts (for example information in relation with billing, customer service, technical assistance and the enforcement of contractual claims). Contract data also includes information about deficiencies, complaints and changes of a contract as well as customer satisfaction information that we may collect for example through surveys. Contract data also includes financial data , such as credit information (meaning information that allows to draw conclusions about the likelihood that receivables will be paid), information about reminders and debt collection. We receive this data partly from you (for example when you make payments), but also from credit agencies and debt collection companies and from public sources (for example a commercial register). Other data : We also collect data from you in other situations. For example, data that may relate to you (such as files, evidence, etc.) is processed in relation with administrative or judicial proceedings. We may also collect data for health protection (for example as part of health protection concepts). The retention period for this data depends on the processing purpose and is limited to what is necessary. This ranges from a few days for many of the security cameras, to usually a few weeks in case of data for contact tracing and visitor data that is usually kept for [ 3 ] months, to several years or longer for reports about events with images. Much of the data set out in this Section 3 is provided to us by you. You are not obliged or required to disclose data to us except in individual cases, for example within the framework of binding health protection concepts (legal obligations). If you wish to enter into contracts with us or use our services, you must also provide us with certain data, in particular master data, contract data and registration data, as part of your contractual obligation under the relevant contract. When using our website, the processing of technical data cannot be avoided. If you wish to gain access to certain systems or buildings, you must also provide us with registration data. More We provide certain services to you only if you provide us with registration data , because we or our contractual partners wish to know who uses our services, because it is a technical requirement or because we wish to communicate with you. If you or the person you represent (for example your employer) wishes to enter into or perform a contract with us, we must collect master data, contract data and communication data from you, and we process technical data if you wish to use our website or other electronic offerings for this purpose. If you do not provide us with the data necessary for the conclusion and performance of the contract, you should expect that we may refuse to conclude the contract, that you may commit a breach of contract or that we will not perform the contract. Similarly, we can only submit a response to a request from you if we process communication data and – if you communicate with us online – possibly also technical data . Also, the use of our website is not possible without us receiving technical data . As far as it is not unlawful we also collect data from public sources or receive data from public authorities and from other third parties. 4\. For what purposes do we process your data? We process your data for the purposes explained below. Further information is set out in Sections 11 and 12 for online services. These purposes and their objectives represent interests of us and potentially of third parties. You can find further information on the legal basis of our processing in Section 5. We process your data for purposes related to communication with you, in particular in relation with responding to inquiries and with the exercise of your rights (Section 10) and to enable us to contact you in case of queries. For this purpose, we use in particular communication data and master data. We keep this data to document our communication with you, for training purposes, for quality assurance and for follow-up inquiries. More The above includes all purposes in relation with which you and we communicate, whether in the context of customer service or consulting, authentication where the website is used, and for training and quality assurance (for example in customer service). We further process communication data to enable us to communicate with you by e-mail and telephone. Communication with you usually takes place in relation with other processing purposes, for example so we can provide services or respond to an access request. Our processing also serves to document the communication and its contents. We process data for the conclusion, administration and performance of contractual relationships . More We conclude various contracts with our business and private customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other parties, such as partners in projects or parties in legal proceedings. In particular, we process master data, contract data and communication data and, depending on the circumstances, registration data relating to the customer or the persons for whose benefit the customer has received a service. In the run-up of a business relationship, personal data – in particular master data, contract data and communication data – is collected from potential customers or other contractual partners or results from a communication. Again, in connection with the conclusion of a contract, we process data to assess creditworthiness and to open a customer relationship. In some cases, this information is reviewed in order to comply with legal requirements. As part of performing contractual relationships, we process data for the administration of the customer relationship, to provide and claim contractual services (which includes involving third parties), for consulting and for customer support. The enforcement of legal claims arising from contracts (debt collection, legal proceedings, etc.) is also part of the performance, as are accounting, termination of contracts and public communication. We may also process your data for security and access control purposes. More We continuously review and improve the appropriate security of our IT and other infrastructure (for example buildings). Like all companies, we cannot exclude data security breaches with absolute certainty, but we do our best to reduce the risks. We therefore process data, for example, for monitoring, inspection, analysis and testing of our networks and IT infrastructures, for system and error checks, for documentation purposes and in the context of backups. We process personal data to comply with laws, directives and recommendations from authorities and internal regulations (« Compliance »). More This includes, for example, the implementation of health security concepts or the regulated fight against money laundering and terrorist financing. In certain cases, we may also be required to make certain clarifications about our customers («Know Your Customer») or to report to the authorities. Disclosure and information or reporting obligations, for example in connection with supervisory and tax obligations, also require or entail data processing, for example archiving obligations and the prevention, detection and investigation of criminal offenses and other violations. This also includes receiving and processing complaints and other reports, monitoring communications, conducting internal investigations or disclosing documents to an authority if we have sufficient reasons to do so or are legally obliged to do so. We may also process your personal data in relation with external investigations, for example by a law enforcement or supervisory authority or by a mandated private entity. For all these purposes, we process in particular master data, contract data and communication data, but also, under certain circumstances, behavioral data and data from the category of «other data». The legal obligations may arise under Swiss law but also under foreign regulations to which we are subject, as well as self-regulations, industry standards, our own «corporate governance» and instructions and requests from authorities. We also process data for the purposes of our risk management and as part of our corporate governance , including business organization and development. More For these purposes, we process in particular master data, contract data, registration data and technical data, but also behavioral and communication data. For example, as part of our financial management, we need to monitor our accounts receivable and accounts payable, and we need to avoid becoming victims of crime and abuse, which may require us to analyze data for relevant patterns of such activities. In the context of planning our resources and organizing our operations, we may need to evaluate and process data relating to the use of our services and other offerings or share information about them with others (for example outsourcing partners), which may also include your data. The same applies with respect to services provided to us by third parties. As part of our business development, we may sell businesses, parts of businesses or companies to others or acquire them from others or enter into partnerships, which may also result in the exchange and processing of data (including from you, for example as a customer or supplier or as a supplier representative). We may process your data for further purposes , for example as part of our internal processes and administration. More These further purposes include, for example, training and educational purposes, administrative purposes (such as managing master data, accounting and data archiving, and testing, managing and continuously improving IT infrastructure), protecting our rights (for example to enforce claims in or out of court, and before authorities in Switzerland and abroad, or to defend ourselves against claims, for example by preserving evidence, conducting legal assessments and participating in court or administrative proceedings) and evaluating and improving internal processes. These further purposes also include safeguarding other legitimate interests that cannot be named exhaustively. 5\. On what basis do we process your data? Where we ask for your consent for certain processing activities, we will inform you separately about the relevant processing purposes. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future; see our contact details in Section 2. For withdrawing consent for online tracking, see Section 11. Once we have received notification of withdrawal of consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) you consented to, unless we have another legal basis to do so. Withdrawal of consent does not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent prior to withdrawal. Where we do not ask for consent for processing, the processing of your personal data relies on the requirement of the processing for initiating or performing a contract with you (or the entity you represent) or on our or a third-party legitimate interest in the particular processing, in particular in pursuing the purposes and objectives set out in Section 4 and in implementing related measures. Our legitimate interests also include compliance with legal regulations , insofar as this is not already recognized as a legal basis by applicable data protection law (for example in the case of the GDPR, the laws in the EEA and in the case of the DPA, Swiss law). Where we receive sensitive personal data (for example health data, data about political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, and biometric data for identification purposes), we may process your data on other legal basis, for example, in the event of a dispute, as required in relation with a potential litigation or for the enforcement or defense of legal claims . In some cases, other legal basis may apply, which we will communicate to you separately as necessary. 6\. With whom do we share your data? In relation with our contracts, the website, our services and products, our legal obligations or otherwise with protecting our legitimate interests and the other purposes set out in Section 4, we may disclose your personal data to third parties, in particular to the following categories of recipients: Group companies : Our group companies include ten23 Health AG and ten23 Holding AG. These group companies may use the data according to this Privacy Notice for the same purposes as we use it (see Section 4). We may also disclose health data to our group companies. More The group companies have access in particular to your master data, contract data and registration data, as well as behavioral and preference data in order to offer their own range of products and services to you or to advertise them. If you wish to object to the disclosure and use of data for marketing purposes, you can do so through us (Section 2), even if the processing concerns another group company once data has already been transferred. We also disclose your data to other group companies for certain products and services, for example if certain products and services originate from other group companies where we only coordinate the performance. Service providers : We work with service providers in Switzerland and abroad who process your data on our behalf or as joint controllers with us or who receive data about you from us as separate controllers (for example IT providers). This may include health data. For the service providers used for the website, see Section 11. Key service providers in the IT area are Metanet AG and Typo3 Association . More To be able to deliver our products and services efficiently and focus on our core competencies, we procure services from third parties in various areas. These include, for example, IT services. In each case, we disclose to these providers the data they require for their services, which may also concern you. These providers may also use such data for their own purposes. In addition, we enter into contracts with these providers that include provisions to protect data, where such protection does not follow from the law. In some cases, our service providers may also process data on how their services are used and other data that is generated in the course of using their services as independent data controllers for their own legitimate interests (e.g., for statistical analysis or billing purposes). Service providers inform about their independent data processing activities in their own privacy statements. Contractual partners including customers: This refers to customers and our other contractual partners as this data disclosure results from these contracts. If you work for one of these contractual partners, we may also disclose data about you to that partner in this regard. These recipients also include contractual partners with whom we cooperate More If you act as an employee for a company with which we have concluded a contract, performance of this contract may require us to tell the company, for example, how you have used our service. Authorities : We may disclose personal data to agencies, courts and other authorities in Switzerland and abroad if we are legally obliged or entitled to make such disclosures or if it appears necessary to protect our interests. These authorities act as separate controllers. More Examples are criminal investigations, police measures (for example health protection concepts, the fight against violence, etc.), regulatory requirements and investigations, legal proceedings, reporting obligations and pre-court and out-of-court proceedings, as well as legal obligations to provide information and to cooperate. Data may also be disclosed if we wish to obtain information from public bodies, for example in order to justify a request for in information or because we need to say about whom we require information (for example from a register). Other persons : This means other cases where interactions with third parties follows from the purposes set out in Section 4. More Other recipients include, for example, delivery recipients or third-party payees specified by you, other third parties in relation with agency relationships (for example if we share your data with your lawyer or your bank) or persons involved in administrative or legal proceedings. If we cooperate with the media and share materials with them (for example photos), this may also affect you depending on the circumstances. The same applies if we publish content (for example photos, interviews, quotes, etc.), for example on our website or in our other publications. As part of our business development, we may sell businesses, parts of businesses or companies to others or acquire them from others or enter into partnerships, which may also result in the disclosure of data (including from you, for example as a customer or supplier or as a supplier representative) to those persons involved in these transactions. In relation with communicating with competitors, industry organizations, associations and other bodies, data may be exchanged that also affects you. All these categories of recipients may involve third parties, so that your data may also be disclosed to them. We can restrict the processing by certain third parties (for example IT providers), but not by others (for example authorities, banks, etc.). 7\. Is your personal data disclosed abroad? As explained in section 6, we disclose data to other parties. These are not all located in Switzerland. Your data may therefore be processed both in Europe and in the United States; in exceptional cases, in any country in the world. If a recipient is located in a country without adequate statutory data protection, we require the recipient to undertake to comply with data protection (for this purpose, we use the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses, which can be accessed here , unless the recipient is subject to a legally accepted set of rules to ensure data protection and unless we cannot rely on an exemption. An exception may apply for example in case of legal proceedings abroad, but also in cases of overriding public interest or if the performance of a contract requires disclosure, if you have consented or if data has been made available generally by you and you have not objected against the processing. More Many countries outside of Switzerland or the EEA currently do not have laws that ensure an adequate level of data protection under the DPA or the GDPR. The contractual arrangements mentioned compensate for this weaker or missing legal protection to some extent. However, contractual precautions cannot eliminate all risks (namely of government access abroad). You should be aware of these remaining risks, even though they may be low in an individual case, and we take further measures to minimize them. Please note that data exchanged via the internet is often routed through third countries. Your data may therefore be sent abroad even if the sender and recipient are in the same country. 8\. How long do we process your data? We process your data for as long as our processing purposes, the legal retention periods and our legitimate interests in documentation and keeping evidence require it or storage is a technical requirement. You will find further information on the respective storage and processing periods for the individual data categories in Section 3, and for cookies in Section 11. If there are no contrary legal or contractual obligations, we will delete or anonymize your data once the storage or processing period has expired as part of our usual processes. More Documentation and evidence purposes include our interest in documenting processes, interactions and other facts in view of legal claims, inconsistencies, IT and infrastructure security requirements and demonstrating good corporate governance and compliance. Retention may be a technical requirement if certain data cannot be separated from other data and we therefore need to keep it with it (for example in case of backups or document management systems). 9\. How do we protect your data? We take appropriate security measures in order to maintain the required security of your personal data and ensure its confidentiality, integrity and availability, and to protect it against unauthorized or unlawful processing, and to mitigate the risk of loss, accidental alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. More Technical and organizational security measures may include encryption and pseudonymization of data, logging, access restrictions, keeping backup copies, giving instructions to our employees, entering confidentiality agreements, and monitoring. We protect your data that is sent through our website in transit by appropriate encryption. However, we can only secure areas in our control. We also require our data processors to take appropriate security measures. However, security risks can never be excluded completely; residual risks are unavoidable. 10\. What are your rights? Applicable data protection laws grant you the right to object to the processing of your data in some circumstances, in particular for direct marketing purposes, to profiling carried out for direct marketing purposes and to other legitimate interests in processing. To help you control the processing of your personal data, you have the following rights in relation with our data processing, depending on the applicable data protection law: \- The right to request information from us as to whether and what data we process from you; \- The right to have us correct data if it is inaccurate; \- The right to request erasure of data; \- The right to request that we provide certain personal data in a commonly used electronic format or transfer it to another controller; \- The right to withdraw consent, where our processing is based on your consent; \- The right to receive, upon request, further information that is helpful for the exercise of these rights. If you wish to exercise the above-mentioned rights in relation with us (or our group company), please contact us in writing, at our premises or, unless otherwise specified or agreed, by e-mail; you will find our contact details in Section 2. In order for us to be able to prevent misuse, we need to identify you (for example by means of a copy of your ID card, unless identification is not possible otherwise). Please note that conditions, exceptions or restrictions apply to these rights under applicable data protection law (for example to protect third parties or trade secrets). We will inform you accordingly where applicable. More In particular, we may need to continue to process and keep your personal data in order to perform a contract with you, to protect our own legitimate interests, such as the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims, or to comply with legal obligations. To the extent legally permitted, in particular to protect the rights and freedoms of other data subjects and to safeguard legitimate interests, we may also reject a subject request in whole or in part (for example by redacting content that concerns third parties or our trade secrets). If you do not agree with the way we handle your rights or with our data protection practices, please let us (Section 2) know. If you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom or in Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority in your country. 11\. Do we use online tracking? We use various techniques on our website that allow us and third parties engaged by us to recognize you during your use of our website, and possibly to track you across several visits. This Section informs you about this. In essence, we wish to distinguish access by you (through your system) from access by other users, so that we can ensure the functionality of the website and carry out analysis and personalization. We do not intend to determine your identity, even if that is possible where we or third parties engaged by us can identify you by combination with registration data. However, even without registration data, the technologies we use are designed in such a way that you are recognized as an individual visitor each time you access the website, for example by our server (or third-party servers ) that assign a specific identification number to you or your browser (so-called «cookie»). More Cookies are individual codes (for example a serial number) that our server or a server of our service providers or advertising partners transmits to your system when you connect to our website, and that your system (browser, cell phone) accepts and stores until the set expiration time. Your system transmits these codes to our server or the third-party server with each additional access. That way, you are recognized even if your identity is unknown. Whenever you access a server (for example when you use a website or an app, or because an e-mail includes a visible or invisible image), your visits can therefore be «tracked». If we integrate offers from an advertising partners or a provider of an analysis tool on our website, they may track you in the same way, even if you cannot be identified in a particular case. We use these technologies on our website and may allow certain third parties to do so as well. You can also set your browser to block or deceive certain types of cookies or alternative technologies, or to delete existing cookies. You can also add software to your browser that blocks certain third-party tracking. You can find more information on the help pages of your browser (usually with the keyword «Privacy») or on the websites of the third parties set out below. We distinguish the following categories of «cookies» (including other technologies): Necessary cookies : Some cookies are necessary for the functioning of the website or for certain features. For example, they ensure that you can move between pages without losing information that was entered in a form. They also ensure that you stay logged in. These cookies exist temporarily only («session cookies»). If you block them, the website may not work properly. Other cookies are necessary for the server to store options or information (which you have entered) beyond a session (i.e. a visit to the website) if you use this function (for example language settings, consents, automatic login functionality, etc.). These cookies have an expiration date of up to [ 24 ] months. Performance cookies : In order to optimize our website and related offers and to better adapt them to the needs of the users, we use cookies to record and analyze the use of our website, potentially beyond one session. We use third-party analytics services for this purpose. We have listed them below. Performance cookies also have an expiration date of up to [ 24 ] months. Details can be found on the websites of the third-party providers. We currently use offers from the following service providers: Google Analytics : Google LLC is the provider of the service «Google Analytics». For the purposes of the GDPR and the DPA, Google Ireland Ltd. is the controller (both « Google »). Google tracks the behavior of visitors to our website (duration, page views, geographic region of access, etc.) through performance cookies (see above) and on this basis creates reports for us about the use of our website. We have configured the service so that the IP addresses of visitors are truncated by Google in Europe before forwarding them to the United States and then cannot be traced back. Google provides us with reports and may therefore be considered our processor, but it also processes data for its own purposes. Google may be able to draw conclusions about the identity of visitors based on the data collected, create personal profiles and link this data with the Google accounts of these individuals. You should assume that this processing takes place if you consent to the use of performance cookies. Information about data protection with Google Analytics can be found here https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 and if you have a Google account, you can find more details about Google's processing here https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en-US . Google reCaptcha: We use the Google service reCaptcha to determine whether a person or a computer makes a specific entry in our contact or newsletter form. Google uses the following information to determine if you are a human being or a computer: IP address of the terminal device you are using, the website you are visiting and on which the captcha is integrated, the date and duration of the visit, the identification data of the browser and operating system type used, Google account if you are logged in to Google, mouse movements on the reCaptcha areas and tasks for which you must identify images. The legal basis for the described data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f General Data Protection Regulation. There is a legitimate interest on our part in this data processing to ensure the security of our website and to protect us from automated input (attacks). 12\. What data do we process on our social network pages? We may operate pages and other online presences («fan pages», «channels», «profiles», etc.) on social networks and other platforms operated by third parties and collect the data about you described in Section 3 and below. We receive this data from you and from the platforms when you interact with us through our online presence (for example when you communicate with us, comment on our content or visit our online presence). At the same time, the platforms analyze your use of our online presences and combine this data with other data they have about you (for example about your behavior and preferences). They also process this data for their own purposes, in particular for marketing and market research purposes (for example to personalize advertising) and to manage their platforms (for example what content they show you) and, to that end, they act as separate controllers. More We receive data about you when you communicate with us through online presences or view our content on the corresponding platforms, visit our online presences or are active on them (for example publish content, submit comments). These platforms also collect technical data, registration data, communication data, behavioral data and preference data from you or about you, among other things (see Section3 about these terms). These platforms usually perform statistical analysis of the way you interact with us, how you use our online presences and our content or other parts of the platform (what you view, comment on, «like», forward, etc.) and combine this data with other information about you (for example information about your age and your gender and other demographic information). In that way, they create profiles about you and statistics on the use of our online presences. They use this data and profiles to display to you our or other advertisements and other personalized content on the platform and to manage the behavior of the platform, but also for market and user research and to provide us and other parties with information about you and the use of our online presence. We can control the analysis that these platforms generate regarding the use of our online presence to some extent. We process this data for the purposes set out in Section 4, in particular for communication, for marketing purposes (including advertising on these platforms, see Section 11) and for market research. You will find information about the applicable legal basis in Section 5. We may disseminate content published by you (for example comments on an announcement), for example as part of our advertising on the platform or elsewhere. We or the operators of the platforms may also delete or restrict content from or about you in accordance with their terms of use (for example inappropriate comments). For further information on the processing of the platform operators, please refer to the privacy information of the relevant platforms. There you can also find out about the countries where they process your data, your rights of access and erasure of data and other data subjects rights and how you can exercise them or obtain further information. We currently use the following platforms: LinkedIn : On LinkedIn we operate the page www.linkedin.com//company/ten23health/ . The controller for the operation of the platform for users from Europe is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Dublin, Ireland. Their privacy notice is available at www.facebook.com/policy. Some of your data will be transferred to the United States. Their policy notice is available at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=d_org_guest_company_overview_footer-privacy-policy . 13\. Can we update this Privacy Notice ? This Privacy Notice is not part of a contract with you. We can change this Privacy Notice at any time. The version published on this website is the current version. Last updated: 31\. August 2021 ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/
ten23 health – your human-centric and sustainable CDMO This site uses cookies.
Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering
Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical
Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People,
Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News
& Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login
Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product
Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients,
People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners &
Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact
Contact us Design. Formulate. Deliver. ten23 health is the human-centric and
sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and
biotech start-ups for the development, manufacture, and testing of tomorrow’s
medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable,
usable, and safe injectable treatments for patients. Contact us ten23 health
combines the latest scientific findings with our proven and tested world-class
industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for our clients’ needs.
We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner,
respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. Previous Development
Strategy read more Formulation Design read more Administration, Compatibility
& Usability read more Drug/Device Integration read more Molecule Selection &
Characterization read more Analytical Development & Testing read more
Packaging & Device Characterization read more Molecules Supported read more
Troubleshooting & Regulatory Support read more Manufacturing Process Transfer,
Characterization and Validation read more Clinical Fill & Finish and
Commercial Supplies read more Stability & Pre-clinical Supplies read more Next
Patients, People, Planet Our team at ten23 health is strongly purpose-driven.
We put Patients, People and Planet at the center of our decisions and actions.
explore The Team We are combining world-class expertise in science,
development, and regulatory requirements to best support the development of
tomorrow’s medicines. explore Interested to learn more about ten23 health?
Watch the Trailer News Press Releases ten23 health ® publishes its 2023
Fairstainability Impact Report and reports major progress on its
Sustainability Goals Basel, 22 of April 2024: ten23 health recognizes the
importance of environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and its goal
of driving positive change in the pharmaceutical and CDMO industry. The 2023
Fairstainability Impact Report transparently provides the status and progress
towards achieving ten23´s sustainability goals. Download Press Release
Download Report Press Releases ten23 health ® and Ypsomed collaborate for the
commercialization of patch injector Burgdorf & Basel, 16 of April 2024. ten23
health® and Ypsomed, a leader in developing and manufacturing the new
generation of patient-friendly injection and infusion systems, accounted today
entering into partnership. The aim of this collaboration is to advance the
commercialization of the YpsoDose wearable injector for the subcutaneous self-
injection of large-volume doses. ten23’s drug development, filling and device
assembly expertise will significantly contribute to the product offering.
Download Press Releases ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic
partnership agreement for integrated services. Basel, Switzerland, 25 of March
2024: ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development and manufacturing
organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading
provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership
to provide a streamlined offering for pharmaceutical and biotech companies
that require sterile drug/device combination products. Download Press Releases
ten23 health´s VIVA2 large-scale pre-filled syringe, cartridge, and vial
aseptic Filling Line 2 in Switzerland GMP operational by end 2024 Basel,
Switzerland, 18 of March 2024. ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development
and manufacturing organization, today accounted that its VIVA2 aseptic large-
scale pre-filled syringe (PFS), vial and cartridge Filling Line 2 will be GMP
operational by the end of 2024. Download Press Releases On eve of CPHI Hanns-
Christian Mahler stresses the importance of holistic sterile drug product
development Basel, 23 rd of October 2023: On the eve of CPHI, ten23 health®, a
global contract development and manufacturing organization, today announced
that CEO Hanns-Christian Mahler will give a webinar stressing the importance
of holistic sterile drug product development. Download You missed the webinar?
You can rewatch it here Press Releases ten23 health announces the successful
implementation and certification of the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management for
its Development services in Basel. Basel, 11 th of September 2023. ten23
health® is happy to announce this implementation. Using ISO 9001 helps ensure
that customers get consistent, good-quality products and services. Download
Press Releases ten23 health expands sterile manufacturing capacity at its VIVA
1® facility through completion of its first expansion and the introduction of
an additional shift Basel, 4th of September 2023. ten23 health® announces a
capacity expansion for the manufacture of sterile drug product at its Visp
facility. This will help to meet rapidly increasing customer demand. Download
Press Releases ten23 health announces expansion with the launch of quality
control services July 10 th , 2023 - ten23 health® announces the launch of
“quality control” (QC) service offerings in Switzerland for release and
stability testing of clinical and commercial sterile drug products according
to international cGMP standards. Download Press Releases ten23 health and
Elio, an AI co-pilot for eco-design, announced today their collaboration to
integrate sustainability into process design for parenteral products. July 3
rd , 2023 - Recognizing the urgent need for sustainable practices across
industries, ten23 health and Elio are harnessing the power of artificial
intelligence (AI) and big data to drive change and foster environmentally
conscious development. Download Press Releases ten23 health publishes its
Fairstainability Impact Report 2022 and is delivering good progress on
Patients, People and Planet goals May 30 th , 2023 - ten23 health announces
the publication of its fully voluntary Fairness and Sustainability
(“Fairstainability”) Impact report 2022, detailing activities and data from
last year, as well as recent progress against our Goals, in line with ten23
health’s commitment on Patients, People and Planet. Download Press Releases
Non-destructive particle counting - t en23 health and Bionter collaborate to
improve testing of particulates in sterile products. May 2 nd , 2023 - ten23
health and Bionter, a premium supplier of analytical testing technology,
announced today their collaboration to advance innovative testing methods of
particulate matter. Download News 04/24/2023 ten23 health publishes its second
Fairstainability report ten23 health’s purpose is collaborating for a healthy
life and planet. The company has therefore voluntarily compiled the status,
assessment and actions taken towards fairstainability in 2022. Interested in
learning more? Click here ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel
Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp:
logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri,
9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing
Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/delivering/pharmaceutical-product-design
Pharmaceutical Product Development | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Pharmaceutical Product Development We believe that pharmaceutical products should be designed with the goal in mind, in order to deliver safe, effective, high-quality, and easy-to-use medicines for patients. At ten23 health we integrate different processes such as formulation development, manufacturing process design, primary packaging, and device selection. Furthermore, we carefully develop analytical methods for an appropriate control strategy to achieve a global product design from the start. Development Strategy We anticipate issues, solve problems, and deliver solutions, resulting in a highly stable, effective, and competitive pharmaceutical product. Our experts advise on effective mitigation strategies during development to de-risk the challenges that may occur during the R&D process, such as unexpected instabilities, product defects, or usability issues. more less ten23 health supports pharma & biotech clients in designing their Target Product Profile (TPP) and the best Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) roadmap from preclinical to clinical to commercial. For early-stage development , we support our clients in selecting the right molecules and/or therapeutic modalities, and ensure the appropriate set-up for later development from a pharmaceutical and stability perspective. For commercial-stage medicines or post-launch formulation line extensions (product optimization), we develop competitive and stable formulations, primary packaging and devices, and manufacturing processes, and ensure quality-by-design. ten23 health supports our clients toxicological and clinical studies, enabling speed, material quality and managing and mitigating development risks. We provide stage-appropriate formulations, analytical methods, primary packaging, and manufacturing processes: we deliver materials for stability testing for regulatory filings, and for use in preclinical studies. Our work is based on a sound knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry, and a broad scientific expertise, as well as extensive regulatory experience. We perform all necessary experiments, ensuring regulatory compliance and patient safety at all stages. Formulation Development Selecting appropriate formulations for a given active molecule (or modality) is crucial, as the formulation determines not only the product’s stability, but also its storage and shipment, as well as its usability. At ten23 health, our specialists can design lean strategies, for example for moving molecules quickly into Tox, Phase 1, and PoC studies ( early stage ), or execute full development scopes, including QbD- and design space-based filings, for ensuring robust products for commercial launches ( late stage or post-launch ). We will be happy to advise you and align your strategy to the level of anticipated business risks that you are willing to take. more less We design experiments carefully, starting with the representativeness of the active ingredient and its accompanying excipients and packaging: we consider each development stage and, of course, the Target Product Profile (TPP). Our formulation studies consider relevant stress conditions such as: Temperature (intended storage and accelerated conditions) Freezing and thawing Interfacial stresses related to shaking or shearing Surface stresses We can support liquid or dried (lyophilized) dosage forms for sterile administration, in relevant primary packaging such as vials, cartridges, or syringes. Administration, Compatibility & Usability Designing a stable pharmaceutical product is just the start. It must be ensured to deliver medicines easily to the patient (usability and injectability) in the appropriate amount (concentration x volume = dose) and quality (purity, stability), and without any contaminants that may inadvertently have been introduced, e.g. during preparation or handling. The conditions of drug preparation and use may vary significantly from country to country and hospital to hospital, with differing local preferences. These variabilities can provide significant safety and effectiveness challenges in the administration of medicines to patients. more less At ten23 health we support clients in developing an appropriate plan on how to dilute, prepare, and administer the drug to patients, as well as on how to test product quality in simulated lab experiments. In this way, we ensure that dose and quality (purity) meet all expectations, resulting in a safe and effective treatment. Drug/Device Integration Product usability is essential. There are various indications and use conditions that benefit from appropriately combining the pharmaceutical product with a suitable delivery device, such as a syringe, autoinjector, or pen, and/or an infusion device. Developing an appropriate formulation for the best administration route, e.g. for subcutaneous delivery or intravitreal injections for treatments of rheumatoid arthritis or Alzheimer disease, may be key for the clinical or commercial success of the product. more less ten23 health supports drug/device combination product development by precisely designing all components of the sterile product: the choice of formulation, primary packaging, manufacturing process, and delivery device. Molecule Selection & Characterization Choosing the right molecule as the candidate for clinical development and later commercialization of the product is the key to success. For example, recombinant proteins can exhibit sequence-based liabilities, such as chemical (e.g., oxidation, deamidation) or physical (e.g., aggregation) degradation pathways, or show undesirable properties such as high viscosity. These may ultimately complicate, or even prevent, developing the medicine towards its target product profile (TPP). more less Our experts can support you in the processes of molecule selection and biophysical characterization, including sequence-based degradation assessments and clinical candidate benchmarking in forced degradation testing. Imagine having a lysine residue in the CDR of your IgG1, which becomes glycated, rendering your MAB dysfunctional. With our help, this won’t happen. Researchgate Analytical Development & Testing The quality of a pharmaceutical product is determined by its content (impacting dose and hence efficacy and safety), purity (impacting efficacy and safety), and identity . ten23 health develops, validates, and applies analytical methods to pharmaceutical products with a wide range of active ingredients. more less Our experts use a panel of analytical technologies, such as: Content and purity methods such as photometry, HPLC, capillary electrophoresis, icIEF. Pharmacopeia testing such as subvisible and visible particles, color, opalescence, pH, osmolality, density, and residual moisture. Rheological characterization (viscosity). Device and packaging performance such as injectability (e.g., injection break-loose and glide force) or Container Closure Integrity. Extended characterization such as Higher Order Structure, surfactant concentration, or degradation testing. Packaging & Device Characterization The choice of the appropriate primary packaging and delivery devices for your product is key, especially when dealing with sensitive active ingredients such as biologics. The drug itself, but also the components of a formulation, and the process conditions for packaging preparation, may interact adversely with the components of primary packaging (e.g., glass vial, rubber stopper, crimp cap) and lead to various issues such as particles, glass delamination, product oxidation, preservative loss, or fogging (for lyophilizates). more less For drug/device combination products, product quality (stability) as well as functionality and usability are crucial. Syringes, autoinjectors, and pumps need to function during the whole product shelf life, within the specified parameters. Injection force and injection time are great examples of functionality. These are highly dependent on formulation viscosity, viscoelastic behavior, and acceptance criteria. Our experts at ten23 health will advise you effectively on selecting the primary packaging and devices, as well as designing the right experiments. Researchgate Molecules Supported At ten23 health we support clients in sterile product development in a wide range of therapeutic modalities. more less Our expertise covers a high variety of therapeutic modalities, including: Monoclonal antibodies Bispecific antibodies Fragments Other types of proteins (e.g., fusion) Peptides Oligonucleotides (RNA, DNA) Conjugates, such as antibody-drug conjugates Viral vectors Cell therapy Other (e.g., exosomes) In order to achieve systemic exposure, all these modalities must be administered parenterally, i.e., by injection, infusion, or implant into the patient’s body. We support different administration routes (such as intravenous (IV), intra-arterial (IA), subcutaneous (SC), intravitreal (IVT), intrathecal (IT)), product types and dosage forms (such as liquid or lyophilized). We advise on overcoming specific challenges, for example high-concentration formulations, extending the boundaries of what is possible. We also support Combination Formulations , i.e., combining different modalities into one product, and Drug/Device Combination Products , i.e., a combination of the drug formulation and delivery devices such as syringe, autoinjector, pen, or subcutaneous infusion pump. Troubleshooting & Regulatory Support At ten23 health, we love challenges and solving them. If you have any questions or doubts on how to move forward in the development, manufacturing, and testing of your product, or if you have any regulatory questions related to particulates, Container Closure Integrity, product and packaging device interaction or integration for subcutaneous or intravitreal administration, we are here to support you. Do you need any support to develop your sterile medicine? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/delivering/manufacturing-sterile-product
https://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/press_releases/220613_ten23_press_release_Visp_West_eng.pdf
  1  •  •  •  •  •      2   


 
https://www.ten23.health/delivering/manufacturing-sterile-product
Manufacturing Sterile Product | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Manufacturing Sterile Product Sterile product manufacturing is more than filling containers. We design, characterize, and validate the manufacturing process. We manufacture clinical and commercial sterile drug products according cGMP using most modern Isolator technology. Our focus is in delivering safe and high quality sterile drug products, enabling convenient application for patients. Aseptic drug product manufacturing consists of multiple operations, ranging typically from thawing and pooling drug substances in suitable storage containers, to compounding, microbial pre-filtration/sterile filtration (if the product can be filtered), filling into clean, sterile, and depyrogenated containers (e.g. vials, syringes), possibly lyophilization (freeze-drying), and then closure and capping. Finally, all filled and closed containers have to undergo a 100% visual inspection and acceptable quality level testing (AQL), as per GMP and pharmacopeial requirements. Sterility and absence of contaminants such as particulates are a key element of sterile drug products. Additionally, product stability and quality must be ensured, as biologics can easily be deteriorated due to inadequate processing. Manufacturing Process Transfer, Characterization and Validation The manufacturing process needs to be diligently understood, considering the liabilities of the active ingredients and formulation as well as the manufacturing process’ performance. This also includes evaluating all unit operations for criticality, considering and establishing process ranges, in relation to the critical quality attributes (CQA) of the product. more less Our experts at ten23 health support clients in designing an appropriate and robust manufacturing process for sterile manufacturing. This includes material and supplier selection, as well as in-depth assessments and experiments related to individual process unit operations, and assessing product CQAs as a function of the chosen parameters. As an example, we can develop and improve lyophilization processes, support filter selection, scale-up, and closure/capping. The same diligence will be employed to transfer your process smoothly into our facility, as well as for successful validation of your process for commercial supply. Stability Samples, Reference Standards & Pre-clinical Supplies manufacture At ten23 health Basel we support you in manufacturing representative samples for regulatory stability purposes (IND, IMPD, BLA, MAA), verifying shelf-life settings, as well as serving as technical or engineering runs for later GMP fills. We can also fill Reference Standards for analytical purposes. Additionally, we provide the pharmaceutical products necessary for pre-clinical studies, such as GLP-controlled toxicological studies, as well as reference products required for quality-control and testing purposes. We can fill various containers (vials, syringes, cartridges) in varying scales, and provide liquid dosage forms or lyophilisates in vials. Clinical Fill & Finish and Commercial Supplies Our Swissmedic- and FDA-inspected and GMP approved sterile manufacturing site (“Line 1”) in Visp, Switzerland (VIVA1) is equipped with an Isolator line for vials, syringes, cartridges, and special devices. Batches can range from 1 Liter to 200 Liter bulk volume with minimal line losses and our typical batch size in units ranges from 500 to 20,000, depending on format and possible fill speed. Batches of complex products, such as intravitreal preparations or subcutaneous formulations, are delivered with highest quality and precision. Additional capacity and capability for Sterile Manufacturing is being built by our Expansion with 2 more filling lines (VIVA2) more less Our capabilities for sterile manufacturing on line 1 / VIVA1: Clinical (phase 1 – 3) and Commercial (launch and initial supply) GMP manufacture on the same line – saving time and material by avoiding costly transfers Compounding volume 1 to 200 Liter, in glass bottles or plastic containers Able to process a variety of of Ready-to-use (RTU) containers, from vials (e.g., 2R to 30R) to syringes (e.g., 1 and 2.25 mL syringe), cartridges and special containers for specific drug/device combination products, such as for the West SmartDose Device . All on the same filling line Vials: courtesy of Stevanato Group Syringe: courtesy of Terumo Europe Cartridge and Smartdose: courtesy of West Pharma Experience with both glass and Polymer containers Isolator based technology Single or double sterile filtration with the option to perform PUPSIT (pre-use post sterilisation integrity testing) 100% IPC testing for product weight (fill volume control) Peristaltic or piston pump filling options Super high-precision filling of small fill volumes such as 100 µL No need for product-specific Cleaning Validation (dedicated and/or single-use materials) Closed processing possible Dedicated compounding room in class “C” environment Open handling under laminar airflow (LAF) class “A” Offline IPC testing, such as pH, osmolality, concentration, conductivity and density 100% visual inspection and AQL (acceptable quality level) testing Our Expansion for sterile manufacturing (Line 2 and 3 / VIVA2) read press release about the expansion Line 2 Clinical and Commercial larger-scale GMP manufacture Same technology as Line 1, hence a direct and easy transfer to Line 2 8-headed filler Able to process a variety of Ready-to-use (RTU) containers, from vials (e.g., 2R to 30R) to syringes (e.g., 1 and 2.25 mL syringe), cartridges and special containers for specific drug/device combination products, such as for the West SmartDose Device . Experience with both glass and Polymer containers Isolator based technology Single or double sterile filtration with the option to perform PUPSIT (pre-use post sterilisation integrity testing) 100% IPC testing for product weight (fill volume control) Peristaltic or piston pump filling options Available for sterile filling from end 2024 onwards Line 3 Clinical (phase 1-3) and Commercial larger-scale GMP manufacture Bulk vial processing and Lyophilisation 2x 12.5 m2 Lyophilizers Able to process a variety of containers, from vials (e.g., 2R to 30R) Isolator based technology Single or double sterile filtration with the option to perform PUPSIT (pre-use post sterilisation integrity testing) 100% IPC testing for product weight (fill volume control) Peristaltic or piston pump filling options Available for sterile filling from end 2025 onwards Our strengths: Clinical fills and commercial supplies out of one facility, without the need for lengthy and risky transfers Fill & finish services for complex drug products, such as intravitreal preparations or subcutaneously formulations Focus on maximum yield (minimum product losses) Highest filling accuracy 100% IPC for filled product weight Zero risk of cross contamination Small volume filling (≤100µL), e.g., for intravitreal injection preparations Bubble-free filling Filling of highly viscous formulations Accurate stopper setting (+/- 0.5mm) Able to process Glass and COP/COC primary packaging Open to implement new formats and new generations of primary packaging Looking for the right partner to manufacture your drug product? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/delivering/stability-characterization-comparability
Analytical Testing & Quality Control | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Analytical Testing & Quality Control Our team of experts can test and evaluate stability of a vast range of therapeutic modalities, using a wide panel of analytical techniques to support specification and shelf life setting, and ensure regulatory compliance. Method development, validation and transfers Our team of experts can develop and validate appropriate analytical methods, to assess content, purity, identity and compliance to pharmacopeial requirements and methods. This includes physico-chemical testing and microbiological testing. Our team can also implement and transfer analytical methods from any 3 rd party. Our method panel includes a vast range of methods and equipment, allowing us to test a vast range of therapeutic modalities, from small molecules to biologics to others. Release & Stability Testing We can perform release testing according cGMP for clinical and commercial Drug Products, including physico-chemical and microbiological testing, including identity, content, purity and pharmacopeial and microbiological endpoints. Stability testing is required in order to determine an appropriate shelf life and evaluate product stability. Our GMP qualified walk-in stability chambers include refrigerated (2-8°C), 25°C/60% r.h, 30°C/65% r.h., 40°C/75% r.h. and we can also evaluate stability in frozen state (-20°C, -40°C, <70°C). Additionally, we can perform Photostability testing (according ICH). For development purposes we would also typically recommend to evaluate interfacial stresses. Characterization and Comparability We at ten23 health can also support you in characterizing pharmaceutical products of therapeutic modalities, for example comparing any changes and product versions, may it be due to different processing, before/after site transfers, or any formulation, packaging or device changes, etc. Such comparability assessments can also help compare molecules to their physiological counterparts or to any other relevant reference products. Special Analytics We also provide special analytical services as follows: Particle Characterization : we can measure (quantify/quality) particles from submicron, to subvisible (micrometer) to visible sizes, using a range of technologies including light obscuration (employing different systems), microscopy (following PhEur 2.9.19), flow imaging. For visible particle testing, we follow pharmacopeial requirements (PhEur 2.9.20). Particle identification uses for example microscopy and spectroscopy. Additional technologies are available in collaboration such as AUC. Container Closure Integrity (CCI) : we can assess container closure integrity and typically recommend deterministic CCI testing using Helium leakage. We can perform these evaluations with a range of container options including polymer containers. We can also support other CCI assessments. Device functionality testing: our assessments can include functionality testing for syringes, cartridges or other functional containers. This would include break-loose and glide-force testing (BlGF). Do you need any support to develop your sterile medicine? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/committing/purpose-mission
Purpose & Mission | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Purpose & Mission There is a growing demand from pharmaceutical and biotech companies for support in the development of new medicines. The number and complexity of molecules and novel therapeutic modalities are steadily increasing. Medical research is facing growing challenges with respect to stability, usability, and consistent manufacturing of medicines. ten23 health is the patient-focussed, human-centric and sustainable partner for pharmaceutical companies and biotech start-ups to meet exactly these challenges. We support our clients in converting molecules and innovative therapeutic ideas into stable, effective, and safe injectable medicines. By doing so, we help our clients succeed and focus on medicines and patients. ten23 health is built as a human-centric and sustainable organization from the start. Design. Formulate. Deliver. Do you need any support do develop your sterile medicine? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/committing/patients-people-planet
http://www.ten23.health/fileadmin/files/downloads/Reports/230607.FairstainabilityReport2021.pdf
  ten23 health’s Purpose is „Collaborating for a Healthy Life   and Planet“, and we voluntarily compiled the status, assess - ment and action we have taken since we initiated business   operations in August 2021. We voluntarily included the   full-year data of swissfillon AG, a ten23 health company,   although acquired only in October 2021. If you have questi - ons or suggestions on how we at ten23 can become more   transparent and more focused on Patients, People, Planet   do not hesitate contacting us.  Stay safe and healthy,  Carole Schanté, Fairstainability Officer &   Hanns-Christian Mahler, Chief Enablement Officer, ten23 health For your suggestions and feedback: planet@ten23.health Our pledges and commitments to   the UN Sustainable Development Goals PATIENTS Create value for so - ciety as a whole in our  mission to support  our clients improving  patients’ lives Priority SDG*:   3, 8, 12  PLANET Become a climate  positive business (by  this we mean reduce  our impact as much  possible and compen - sate more than what  we still consume) SDG: 12, 13  PEOPLE Foster and promote  equality, diversity  and wellbeing for our  employees and their  families SDG: 3, 5, 8   *SDG: United Nations Sustai - nable Development Goals   https://sdgs.un.org/goals Disclaimer:  ten23 health is providing the information in this Fairstainability report as of 17. April 2022 and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements  as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These materials contain forward-looking statements, that can generally be identified by words such as „potential“, „expected“, „will“, „planned“, or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of management regarding future events, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks and  uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, this might lead to materially different results from  those set forth in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. In particular, our expectations could be affected by, among other things: uncertainties regarding the  success of key products and services and commercial priorities; global trends uncertainties regarding future demand for our product and services; uncertainties in the research and  development of new healthcare products of and services to our customers, including clinical trial results and additional analysis of existing clinical data; the impact of pandemic disea - ses such as COVID-19 on research, development and manufacturing timelines; and other risks and factors.Welcome to our first  Fairstainability report. 1 Do not print this report, save the planet!Goal 3:   Good Health and  Well Being  Through our focus on  Patients and our fo - cus on our people, this  SDG 3 is a clear priori - ty for ten23 health. We  develop safe and stable medicine for our custo - mers’ patients and promote well-being at work  and healthy lives. In 2021 we set up our activities  as a new company with new ways of working from  the very beginning such as holacracy, flexib - le working hours, work from anywhere etc. and  plan much more in 2022 to be an effective, family  friendly employer. Goal 5:   Gender Equality It is a priority at ten23  health to contribute  to this SDG by ensu - ring and promoting  equity, diversity, and  women empowerment  through our core business. Diversity leads to  innovation. In 2021 we have ensured there is no  gender pay gap and set up a role as LGBTQ+ re - presentative for employees. Goal 8:   Decent Work and   Economic Growth At ten23 health we  see it as a priority  to contribute to this  SDG 8 by promoting  our values and crea - ting value for society as a whole. Local positive  economic growth sharing our expertise, expan - ding to our suppliers and supporting key part - ners in sustainable development. In 2021 we have  reached out to several suppliers already about  their sustainability goals, prepared and sent our  supplier questionnaire and started our supplier  code of conduct. By end 2021 we have hired over  30 employees and financially supported non- for-profit organizations like Seven Clean Seas  and Generation Forest.Goal 12:   Responsible   Consumption and  Production This SDG 12 is key at  ten23 health as we  thrive to minimize our  use of natural re - sources and reduce our ecological footprint. In  2021 we have (and are continuing to) put in place  measures to minimize waste and increase recy - cling, monitoring and offsetting our plastic con - sumption and will continue to work on minimizing  further. Goal 13:   Climate Action At ten23 health we are  committed to contri - buting to this SDG by  decarbonizing opera - tions and supply chains  through the setting of  ambitious emissions reductions targets in line  with climate science and evaluating ways to im - prove energy efficiency. We also consider our  value chain and suppliers in our targets. In 2021,  as a start we have set up data collection, mea - surement and already offset our CO2 footprint  (scope 1, scope 2 and operational scope 3 emis - sions). 2 Do not print this report, save the planet!We had our first offsite company  meeting in an ecologically consci - ous venue close to our headquar - ters serving vegetarian local food  and minimizing wasteFairstainability Onboarding work - shops for all employees in Basel  and in Visp Plastic recycling has been set up  and started (ten23, Basel) Composting has been set up   and started (ten23, Basel)Selection of sustainbly top-rated  suppliers and partners, such as  pension fund, laptop computers,  cell phone provider (Shiftphones) Selection of recycled/used  equipment (where appropriate),  such as Laptop Monitors Sustainability retrofits during re - furbishment of the ten23 building  in Basel (e.g., motion sensors, hot  water saving faucets, all LED lights,  locally sourced furniture and reu - sing existing materials) We supported projects from HEKS/EPER (Swiss Church  Aid)  in our xmas event, and donated 10 goats, 5 sacs of  cereals, 3 bicycles, 4 cooking pots, 5 supported school  starts, 2 clean drinking water and 1 temporary house  to Haiti & Namibia. HEKS has many different packages  where you can support different projects - have a look:  www.heks.ch We embedded „Sustainability“ in  any decision making, anchored in  our ten23.OS handbook Our Onboarding Box features   sustainable giveaways, including   a sprout pencil (growing a tree),  and a notepad made of coffee grind 3 Do not print this report, save the planet!In August 2021, we took over the building in Basel and are  therefore reporting data from August to December 2021.  We voluntarily included the full year 2021 data of Swissfillon,  which we acquired only in October 2021 Basel site (Aug-Dec 2021)Visp Swissfillon site (Full year 2021)Total 2021 Electricity 285 215 kWh 2 193 014 kWh 2 478 229 kWh District Heat 742 051 kWh 0 kWh 742 051 kWh Total energy consumption 1 027 266 kWh 2 193 014 kWh 3 220 280 kWh Water withdrawal, third party  water (contact water)204 m³ 1 364 m³ 1 568 m³ Water withdrawal, surface water  (cooling water)15 649 m³ 0 m³ 15 649 m³ Total water withdrawal 15 853 m³ 1 364 m³ 17 217 m³ Water consumption¹ 115 m³ 0 m³ 115 m³ Scope1 GHG emissions (direct) 0 tCO₂e 0 tCO₂e 0 tCO₂e Scope2 GHG emissions (energy  indirect)49,6 tCO₂e 67,8 tCO₂e 117,3 tCO₂e Scope3 GHG emissions (other  indirect)²44,2 tCO₂e 238,7 tCO₂e 282,9 tCO₂e Total operational GHG emissions  (sc1, 2 and 3) ³112,6 tCO₂e 367,7 tCO₂e 480,3 tCO₂e GHG emissions offsets ⁴ / / 490,3 tCO₂e Lost Time Incident Rate⁵ 0 0 0 Total recordable Incident Rate⁵ 0 0 0 ¹ water consumption is the amount of water not being retourned to the water environment (either lost, evaporated or used in products)   ²covers Sc3 operational emissions: Fuel- and energy-related activities (upstream emissions from transmission and distribution losses not  included in Scope 1 or Scope 2); waste generated in operations; business travel; and employee commuting.   ³due to the use of some statistical values and assumptions, an uncertainty mergin of 20% is added to our emission result to cover our full  climate impact through our offsetting.   ⁴480,3 tCO₂e through Atmosfair CDM certified projects, 10 tCO₂e through Generation Forest.   ⁵no work-related case of injury or illness, with or without lost-time, has been reported in 2021. 32 employees in Basel   and 56 employees in Visp,   total 88 people at ten23 Male employees: 40%   Female: 60% 5 Do not print this report, save the planet!


 
https://www.ten23.health/committing/patients-people-planet
Patients, People, Planet | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Patients, People, Planet Our team at ten23 health is strongly purpose-driven. We put Patients, People and Planet at the center of our decisions and actions. We are driven by making a positive and sustainable impact: for our clients, patients, our team, people, and our planet. Patients We are passionate about supporting our clients in delivering save and effective medicines that can improve patients’ lives. We focus on patient safety, product quality, and providing innovation to extend the boundaries of what is possible in patient treatment. more less By offering reliable and innovative services we allow our pharmaceutical and biotech partners to focus on bringing their medicines to patients. In all our services and advice, we commit ourselves to scientific rigor and sound ethics. People We are committed to the UN Global Compact corporate responsibility initiative and its principles in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. We are committed to equality, diversity and inclusion and do not tolerate any intolerance, discrimination or bias related to sex, gender, religion, age, ethnicity, national origin, religion, race, sexual orientation, disability or any other circumstances. We specifically support the LGBTQ+ community. We believe that in a world of constant change and unprecedented challenges there is a need for organizations that give everybody the opportunity to learn and innovate. more less Our organization is based on teal principles, characterized by self-management, self-responsibility, and a deep sense of purpose. We are driven by pursuing a more adaptive and human way of working. We believe in talent and teamwork, and in a creative, diverse, fun, and meaningful workplace. We build an organization that gives every employee the opportunity to thrive and to be their best self at the workplace. We adhere to everything that stands for gender equality, diversity and inclusion, non-discrimination, and good citizen entrepreneurship. We embrace diversity and equality of gender, sexuality, religion, beliefs, and opinion. Our values are based on transparency, trust, and teamwork, respecting the individual’s talents and authenticity. We are driven and motivated by New Work and stand for equal pay, flexible work time, a balanced and healthy work/life blend, work-from-anywhere opportunities, and embrace multiple-employer relationships wherever possible. We are an organization that gives every person the opportunity to thrive. Planet We embed fairness and sustainability (fairstainability) in all our practices and decisions. Sustainable practices include the selection of products and raw materials from suppliers who respect sustainable practices. We are committed to optimizing processes to minimize energy consumption and waste, and to encourage the use of recycled and sustainable materials. more less Fairstainability Report 2023 We are happy to publish our third Fairstainability report. We voluntarily compiled the status, assessment and action we have taken related to sustainability for the year 2023. Fairstainability Report 2023 Fairstainability Report 2022 We are happy to publish our second Fairstainability report. We voluntarily compiled the status, assessment and action we have taken related to sustainability for the year 2022. Fairstainability Report 2022 Fairstainability Report 2021 Welcome to our first ever Fairstainability report. We voluntarily compiled the status, assessment and action we have taken related to sustainability, since we initiated business operations in August 2021, voluntarily adding the full-year data of swissfillon AG, a ten23 health company, although acquired only in October 2021. Fairstainability Report 2021 If you have questions or suggestions on how we at ten23 can become more transparent and more focused on Patients, People, Planet do not hesitate contacting us: planet@ten23.health We monitor our emissions, both related to greenhouse gases and plastics, and take actions to reduce these emissions. We mandate ourselves to offset any unavoidable emissions, in partnership with certified organizations. And we kindly ask our partners to collaborate with us in our vision of a fair and sustainable world. We also support our employees in reducing their carbon footprint: we support our employees in using public transport and provide bike benefits, supporting health and helping reduce emissions. We minimize travel, promote public and other sustainable ways of transportation by e.g. bike benefits and embrace a digital workspace. The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations for Agenda 2030 guide our quest to address global challenges and contribute to a better and more sustainable future for all. ten23 health is committed to contributing to each of the 17 SDGs through its activities. Our five priority SDGs are: Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. Focus on patients, on our employees, and on our mission for supporting them to live physically and mentally healthy lives. Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls . We focus on our employees and our diversity principles. We believe that it is diversity that creates innovation. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all. We focus on our service and on creating value, for our clients’ patients, our clients and for society, providing jobs and opportunities. Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. We select suppliers who respect sustainable practices, and optimize processes to minimize energy consumption and waste. Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. We monitor our emissions, both related to greenhouse gases and plastics, and take actions to reduce these emissions for a net-zero business. Proposals to be even more fairstainable? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/the-company
The Company | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us The Company ten23 health ® \- a CDMO, is located in Basel and Visp, Switzerland, is the human-centric and sustainable strategic partner of choice for the pharmaceutical industry and biotech start-ups: we develop, manufacture, and test tomorrow’s sterile medicines. We support our clients in developing differentiated, stable, usable, and safe injectable treatment options for patients. ten23 health combines the latest scientific findings with our proven and tested world-class industry and regulatory expertise to forge new paths for supporting our clients. We provide our innovative services in a fair and sustainable manner, respecting people’s health and the future of our planet. Patients, People, Planet Our Name The numeric value for the number of molecules in a sample of one mole, is called the Avogadro constant and is 6.022 × 10 23 . The world is built from small units, and not a homogenous mass. Our main investor 3i 3i’s Private Equity team provides investment solutions for growing companies, backing entrepreneurs and management teams of mid-market companies with an Enterprise Value typically between €100m and €500m. The company backs international growth plans, providing access to its network and expertise to accelerate the growth of companies across the consumer, industrial, healthcare, and business and technology services industries. For further information, please visit www.3i.com ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/the-team
The Team | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us The Team We are combining world-class expertise in science, development, and regulatory requirements to best support the development of tomorrow’s medicines. Our leadership team is driven by the pursuit of a more adaptive and human way of working, and believes in talent and teamwork, as well as in a strong commitment to fairstainability in all we do. CEO (Chief Enablement Officer) & Board Member apl Prof. Dr. Hanns-Christian Mahler (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Mahler is CEO & Board Member at ten23 health. He previously led the Drug Product Services (DPS) Business Unit at Lonza AG (2015-2021) and worked in various leadership roles such as Head Pharmaceutical Development & Supplies at Roche (2005-2015) and at Merck KGaA (2000-2005). He has an extensive expertise in formulation development, process development & validation, packaging/device development and integration, sterile manufacturing, and regulatory submissions with numerous IND/IMPD and BLAs. He studied Pharmacy at the University of Mainz, Germany, holds a Ph.D. in toxicology from the Institute of Pharmacy, University of Mainz, and pharmacist specialization degrees in Toxicology & Ecology, and Pharmaceutical Technology. He has also was further trained Business and Marketing (Akad). Hanns-Christian obtained his venia legendi (German Habilitation) from the University of Frankfurt, Germany, in 2010 and is adjunct faculty member and lecturer at the universities of Frankfurt and Basel. He was elected an AAPS Fellow in November 2013, nominated extraordinary Professor for Pharmaceutical Technology in November 2015 and received the PDA Distinguished Service Award in 2018. He is on the boards of Bionter AG and KriyaBio SA. Furthermore, he serves as Editor for Pharmaceutical Research, Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences, AAPS Open Journal, and PDA Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences & Technology. Hanns-Christian has published more than 120 manuscripts and is co-inventor of more than 50 patents. COO (Chief Customer Delivery Officer) Dr. Susanne Jörg (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Jörg is Chief Customer Delivery Officer (COO) at ten23 health. She was previously Head of Pharmaceutical Development, Drug Product Services (DPS) at Lonza AG (2016-2021), acting also ad interim as Manufacturing Site Head in Stein and Business Unit Head DPS. Before that she worked in various leadership roles such as Head Early Phase Pharmaceutical development at Novartis AG (2006-2016). She has over 15 years of experience in formulation development, process development, transfer and validation, sterile manufacturing and regulatory submissions for early-, late-stage and life-cycle parenteral dosage forms. She studied Pharmacy at the University of Mainz, Germany, and holds a Ph.D. in pharmaceutical technology from the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität (LMU), Munich, Germany, that was performed in a research collaboration with Merck KGA, developing high-concentration antibody formulations. Chief Quality Officer (CQO) Dr. Gert Reinwald (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Gert Reinwald is Chief Quality Officer (CQO) at ten23 health. He joined from Elanco Inc. where he held several Global Quality leadership roles, such as Senior Director Quality External Manufacturing or Executive Director External Manufacturing and Internal Sites. Before that he worked in various leadership roles at Roche, such as Director Manufacturing, Director Quality/Site Quality Head or as Technical Transfer lead. Dr. Reinwald was honorary board member of the Swiss Society of Industrial Pharmacists from 2017-2022, supporting young talents from the universities of Zuerich and Muttenz. He studied Pharmacy at the University of Heidelberg, Germany, and earned his Ph.D. from the University of Wuerzburg, Germany. CPO (Chief People & Culture Officer) JanBart Wilmink (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Mr. Wilmink is CPO at ten23 health. He previously worked in Business & Organizational Development at Galloping Hills and Opinity BV, as mediator and coach, as Head of Global HR at Lonza (2011-2017), Director Human Resources Europe at Schering Plough (2002-2007) and other management roles. JanBart studied HR & organizational behavior at the Hogeschool West Brabant, Netherlands, holds a Master’s degree in eclectic psychology (IEP), and is a Certified Coach Practitioner. People & Culture | Recruitment Amrith Kiran (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Amrith Kiran is currently leading Talent Acquisition at ten23 health. After an established career in Operations, she advanced into human resource management within life sciences, and is managing talents globally. Amrith holds a master's in psychology and postgraduate diploma in human resources management. CFO (Chief Finance Officer) Patrick Klassnitz (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Patrick Klassnitz is Head of Finance at ten23 health. He previously worked for 13 years at Thermo Fisher Scientifc, most recentlyas Sr. Director Finance, Clinical Trial Division EMEA, and Managing Directorat the Clinical Packaging site in Allschwil. Prior to that, he worked for 5 years at Ernst Young Accounting Services, Basel, Switzerland. Patrick has done a commercial apprenticeship at the Commercial Business School, Liestal, Switzerland, and during his time at EY the further education as Swiss Certified Fiduciary at the Swiss Fiduciary School, Switzerland. CSO (Chief Scientific Officer) PD Dr. Andrea Allmendinger (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Allmendinger is CSO at ten23 health (starting in November 2021). She is also Adjunct Professor and Group Leader at the University of Freiburg, researching novel parenteral drug formulations and device solutions to improve stability, usability, and cost of goods. From 2010 to 2021, she worked at Roche as Principal Scientist, Pharmaceutical Development. She worked inter alia on manufacturability and injectability of high-concentration formulations, syringe and high-volume drug/device combination products, particulates and surfactant strategy. Andrea studied Pharmacy at the University of Heidelberg, Germany, and the University College London, UK, and holds a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Basel, Switzerland. She obtained the venia legendi (German Habilitation) from the University of Freiburg, Germany, in 2021, and also serves as Editor-In-Chief for AAPS Open Journal. Customer Satisfaction Officer Dr. Teun van der Heide (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Van der Heide is responsible for Sales and worked previously as Chief Business officer at Pivot Park Screening Centre BV (2020-2021). Before that, he has been working in the pharmaceutical / pharmaceutical supply industry for over 25 years, in sales, business development and business management, at Lonza AG (2002-2020), DSBG Ltd. (2001-2002) and other companies. Teun studied Organic and Analytical Chemistry at the Vrije Universiteit in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, and he obtained his PhD in Organic Synthesis from the same university. Co-Lead, Fairstainability Circle Dr. Carole Schanté (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Carole Schanté is Fairstainability Officer at ten23 health. She is also founder and consultant at “Engage to Act”, promoting employee engagement for environmental sustainability. She previously worked as an Environmental Specialist at Novartis AG after starting as a Protein Formulation Scientist. Carole studied Pharmaceutical Engineering and holds a Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences and Pharmaceutical Chemistry from the Université de Strasbourg, France. Her postdoctoral research was on the characterization and stabilization of vaccines and proteins at the Kansas University, Lawrence, USA. She is also Ambassador for Basel for the Zero Waste Switzerland organization. Diversity, Inclusion and LGBTQ+ Officer Tamara Hell (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Tamara Hell is Diversity, Inclusion & LGBTQ+ Officer and Drug Product Scientist at ten23 health. She is also CFO and Assistant to the CEO at MiHKAL GmbH, Allschwil. She previously worked at Lonza AG as Lead Scientist in Bioanalytics, asBioassay Lead at NBE Therapeutics AG and as Lab Professional at Novartis Pharma AG, all in Basel, Switzerland. She completed an apprenticeship as Biology Laboratory Technician and is currently studying for the Advanced Federal Diploma of Higher Education at aprentas. Chief Marketing Officer Creixell Espilla-Gilart (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Creixell Espilla-Gilart is Chief Marketing Officer at ten23 health. Creixell is responsible for ten23’s strategic marketing and worked previously as Team Leader Marketing for the aerospace trade show ILA Berlin at Messe Berlin (2019-2023). Before that, she worked at the PDA - Parenteral Drug Association (2011-2019) in different positions, her last as Marketing Lead for Europe. Creixell holds a master’s degree in History of Art by the Universitat de Lleida (Spain) and a MBA for cultural enterprises from the Dresden International University (Germany). Media & External Communications Mara Willa (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Mara Willa is leading External Communication and Media relations at ten23 health. Prior the acquisition of swissfillon by ten23 health, she was working for digital marketing agencies in Zurich and Geneva. She is also Founder and Freelancer at the Kardamon Agentur, Crans-Montana, Switzerland. Mara holds a bilingual Masters degree in Business Communication. non-executive Board Member Richard Relyea (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Richard joined 3i in 2007 and is co-Head of 3i’s North American Private Equity team and Global Head of Healthcare. He focuses on Healthcare and Industrials and has been involved in 3i’s investments in ten23 health, SaniSure, Cirtec Medica, Quintiles, Q Holding, Dynatect Manufacturing and Mold-Masters. He currently sits on the Boards of ten23 health, SaniSure, Q Holding, Dynatect Manufacturing and Cirtec Medical, and previously sat on the Boards of Quintiles and Mold-Masters. Prior to joining 3i, Richard was a Principal at Halyard Capital, where he invested in companies in the media, business services and communications sectors. Prior to joining Halyard, Richard was an Associate at Entrade, where he invested in technology and internet infrastructure businesses. Richard began his career at Security Capital's Preferred Growth Private Equity fund. He is actively involved in several non-profit organisations and is the Chairman of the New York Private Equity Network. Richard received a BA in Economics from Williams College. non-executive Board Member Nikhil Patel (he/him/his) Curriculum Vitae Nikhil joined 3i in 2016 in the New York office and is a member of 3i’s Healthcare sector coverage team. He participates in all elements of the investment process, including industry segment analysis, identification and screening of new opportunities, due diligence, transaction structuring, financing and execution. He currently sits on the Board of ten23 health, SaniSure, Q Holding and Cirtec Medical. Prior to joining 3i, Nikhil was a Vice President at Chicago Pacific Founders, where he was an integral member of a debut middle market private equity fund and participated in the acquisition of three portfolio companies. Prior to joining CPF, Nikhil was a Senior Associate at Water Street Healthcare Partners, a mid-market private equity firm with approximately $2 billion of capital under management. While at Water Street, he helped execute a number of platform investments and successful portfolio company exits. Nikhil was previously an Analyst in the Global Healthcare Investment Banking division of UBS Investment Bank. Nikhil graduated from New York University’s Leonard Stern School of Business with Honours. non-executive Board Member Dr. Ursula Redeker (she/her/hers) Curriculum Vitae Dr. Redeker is a senior executive with a proven track record in the pharmaceutical and diagnostics industry. She previously spent over 15 years in various leadership roles at Roche, including Global Head of Non-Clinical Safety & Technical Sciences, Head Technical Development Biologics and spokesperson of the Executive Board, Roche Diagnostics GmbH. She has also served on the Boards of the Germanic Cancer Research Center and EIT Health. She is currently a Board member of ABB AG, Germany, Smart4Diagnostics and the Academic Advisory Council of the University of Heidelberg. Ursula studied Chemistry and obtained her Ph.D. at the University of Bonn (Germany) and a Master’s degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara (USA). Do you want to be part of our success story? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/our-sites
Our sites | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Our sites BASE® and VIVA® are the names of our facilities in Basel and Visp (Valais), Switzerland. In these two locations we offer you our services for pharmaceutical drug product development and manufacturing. Find out more about our contract manufacturing organization sites here. Pharmaceutical Development and Manufacturing Excellence – made in Switzerland. BASE® in Basel Our site in Basel is focused on our Sterile Product Development Services (Formulation, Process, Primary Packaging and Analytical), our (nonGMP) Sterile Manufacturing (for Stability, Preclinical and Reference), and our Quality Control Testing releases (using Physio-Chemical methods), including release and Stability testing. Our development services are under ISO9001. Our QC Services are GMP inspected by Swissmedic/RHI. Our address in Basel: ten23 health, Mattenstrasse 22, 4058 Basel (Switzerland) VIVA1® in Visp VIVA1® serves as the cornerstone of our pharmaceutical manufacturing services in Visp. It houses Line 1 , our inaugural GMP-operational aseptic manufacturing line, renowned for its expertise in fill & finish services for aseptic drug product manufacturing. Situated within the thriving biotech hub, BioArk, VIVA1 is fully equipped with essential infrastructure for the pharmaceutical manufacturing of sterile drug products, including storage rooms, cold storage and visual inspection capabilities. Our VIVA1 address in Visp: ten23 health, VIVA1, Rottenstrasse 5/7, 3930 Visp (Switzerland) VIVA2® in Visp VIVA2® embodies our growth in both capacity and capability, featuring the addition of our pharmaceutical manufacturing lines: Line 2 and Line 3 , both GMP-operational aseptic manufacturing lines, for sterile clinical and commercial supplies, including ready-to-use syringes, cartridges, and liquid or freeze-dried bulk vials. To complete our services as Swiss and European contract manufacturing organization, the site is furnished with essential infrastructure such as cold rooms, facilities for visual inspection of parenteral drug products, QC Microbiology labs and office space. Situated approximately 2 kilometers from VIVA1, it stands as a significant expansion of our operations. Following our purpose towards sustainability, the building's facade consist of photovoltaic (PV) panels, to generate as much of the energy needed for the building. Our VIVA2 address in Visp: ten23 health, VIVA2, Weyherring 35, 3930 Visp (Switzerland) (Location not yet set on Google Maps, following soon) Looking for the right partner to develop and manufacture your next drug product? Contact Us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/partners-memberships
Partners & Memberships | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Partners & Memberships Following our commitment to Patients, People and Planet, we at ten23 health forge relationships with other organizations that give support to our mission. Here you will find the list of companies, initiatives and certifications that help us in our journey in fairstainability. Our partners Seven Clean Seas According to the Plasticatlas, about 10 million tons of plastic waste end in the oceans, especially the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans, and animals get entangled into plastics or try eating it. Seven Clean Seas (SCS) is an Ocean Clean-up Organisation based in Singapore, who are pulling out plastic of the ocean and beaches on our behalf. For further information, please visit www.sevencleanseas.com Leaders For Climate Action (LFCA.earth) Leaders For Climate Action is Europe’s biggest climate action community. Though bold leadership and open collaboration, its members accelerate progress towards the Paris Agreement goals. For further information, please visit lfca.earth Klima Klima is a leading climate app, helping individuals to take holistic climate action, with a combined focus on climate literacy, carbon offsetting, emission reduction and personal advocacy. Colleagues at ten23 health use the Klima app, promoting individual climate action and supporting a climate neutral workforce. For further information, please visit: Klima - Fight Climate Change Climeworks Climeworks has a clear vision: to inspire 1 billion people to remove CO2 from the air. How do they work? Climeworks empowers people and companies to fight global warming by offering carbon dioxide removal as a service via direct air capture and storage (DAC+S) technology. For further information, please visit: Climeworks - Website Memberships and Participation in External Initiatives United Nations Global Compact Since its foundation in 2021, ten23 health has been committed to the UN Global Compact corporate responsibility initiative and its principles in the areas of human rights, labour, the environment and anti-corruption. Öbu – der Verband für nachhaltiges Wirtschaften öbu is supporting the implementation of the UN sustainable development goals by Swiss companies and organisations. To do this, öbu brings together people, companies, ideas and methods together and work together for a sustainable Swiss economy. For further information, please visit oebu.ch aprentas aprentas is the Swiss training association for basic and advanced training in scientific, technical and commercial professions. Find out more about apprentices at ten23 health on aprentas website. PSCI Supply Chain Initiative The PSCI is a non-profit organization with the purpose to bring pharmaceutical and healthcare companies and their suppliers together to define, establish, and promote responsible supply chain practices, human rights, environmental sustainability, and responsible business. See the Principles for Responsible Supply Chain Management here. B Corporation Certification (pending) As of May 30th 2022, ten23 health has obtained the Pending status at B Corporation, which means that the company meets the legal accountability requirement for B Corp Certification and takes measures to manage its social and environmental performance. B Corp Certification is a designation that a business meets high standards of verified performance, accountability, and transparency on factors from employee benefits and charitable giving to supply chain practices and input materials. In order to achieve the full B Corp Certification, a company must demonstrate high social and environmental performance, integrate commitments to stakeholders into company governing documents and exhibit transparency on performances vs B Lab’s standards. Find out more about B Corporation here: www.bcorporation.net Swiss Triple Impact To improve our social and environmental impact, we have registered in October 2021 for the Swiss Triple Impact (STI) program, initiated by B Lab Switzerland. Using the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as a framework, the STI allows Swiss companies to measure their contribution to the SDGs and thus improve their sustainability performance. On this basis, we were able to target the most important SDGs for our company and set up a concrete action plan. These goals were then submitted to a balance review process during which B Lab Switzerland examined the impact and relevance of each sustainability commitment, as well as the detailed action plan. These steps allowed us to be listed in the STI Directory! Find out more about the STI journey here: swisstripleimpact.ch Swiss Boards for Agenda 2030 (SBA2030) Companies need to be actively involved in leading change to create a more resilient world and to address major environmental and social challenges we all are facing. And company CEOs and Board Members must lead this change through their decisions and actions. To help companies address these challenges and strengthen Swiss businesses’ international competitiveness, B Lab Switzerland and InTent have developed the Swiss Boards for Agenda 2030 (#SBA2030), an alliance of CEOs and board members committing their companies to take action by making credible commitments on the SDGs, making by-law changes and attending positive impact strategy training. The #SBA2030 outlines the enhancements in governance, strategy, and execution needed to ensure companies and their value chains deliver on the SDGs by 2030. Swiss LGTBI Label Certification We respect the right of each individuum. ten23 health is committed to equality, diversity and inclusion, and we do not tolerate any discrimation, intolerance or bias related to e.g., gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, origin, ethnicity, religion, age, disability and/or any other circumstances. We specifically support the LGTQ+ community and LGTQ+ rights. The Swiss LGBTI Label is not only a certification of employers that support the inclusion of LGBI people in Switzerland. The certification also supports identify further opportunities and areas for transformation, based on all the openly submitted information. To date, 63 companies in Switzerland proudly carry the LGBTI label ( see the full list here ) Find out more about the Swiss LGTBTI Label: lgbti-label.ch International Modern Work Award 2022 We are very excited to have been award with the 3rd party of the 2022 Modern Work Award , in the category “Modern Work Performer”. This category is for companies where modern work initiates are already an integral part of how people work together and where successful approaches have changed fundamentally on how people with each other. It reflects that purpose-driven aspects are embodied throughout the company and that modern work principles are in line with the work culture. Find out more about the Modern Work Award: modernworkaward.com ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/news-events
News & Events | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us News & Events In this section you will find information on all published press releases and other relevant company news. Press Releases ten23 health ® publishes its 2023 Fairstainability Impact Report and reports major progress on its Sustainability Goals Basel, 22 of April 2024: ten23 health recognizes the importance of environmental stewardship, social responsibility, and its goal of driving positive change in the pharmaceutical and CDMO industry. The 2023 Fairstainability Impact Report transparently provides the status and progress towards achieving ten23´s sustainability goals. Download Press Release Download Report Press Releases ten23 health ® and Ypsomed collaborate for the commercialization of patch injector Burgdorf & Basel, 16 of April 2024. ten23 health® and Ypsomed, a leader in developing and manufacturing the new generation of patient-friendly injection and infusion systems, accounted today entering into partnership. The aim of this collaboration is to advance the commercialization of the YpsoDose wearable injector for the subcutaneous self-injection of large-volume doses. ten23’s drug development, filling and device assembly expertise will significantly contribute to the product offering. Download Press Releases ten23 health® and SHL Medical announce a strategic partnership agreement for integrated services. Basel, Switzerland, 25 of March 2024: ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) for sterile drugs, and SHL Medical, a world-leading provider of drug delivery devices, today announced their strategic partnership to provide a streamlined offering for pharmaceutical and biotech companies that require sterile drug/device combination products. Download Press Releases ten23 health´s VIVA2 large-scale pre-filled syringe, cartridge, and vial aseptic Filling Line 2 in Switzerland GMP operational by end 2024 Basel, Switzerland, 18 of March 2024. ten23 health®, the Swiss contract development and manufacturing organization, today accounted that its VIVA2 aseptic large-scale pre-filled syringe (PFS), vial and cartridge Filling Line 2 will be GMP operational by the end of 2024. Download Press Releases On eve of CPHI Hanns-Christian Mahler stresses the importance of holistic sterile drug product development Basel, 23 rd of October 2023: On the eve of CPHI, ten23 health®, a global contract development and manufacturing organization, today announced that CEO Hanns-Christian Mahler will give a webinar stressing the importance of holistic sterile drug product development. Download You missed the webinar? You can rewatch it here Press Releases ten23 health announces the successful implementation and certification of the ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management for its Development services in Basel. Basel, 11 th of September 2023. ten23 health® is happy to announce this implementation. Using ISO 9001 helps ensure that customers get consistent, good-quality products and services. Download Press Releases ten23 health expands sterile manufacturing capacity at its VIVA 1® facility through completion of its first expansion and the introduction of an additional shift Basel, 4th of September 2023. ten23 health® announces a capacity expansion for the manufacture of sterile drug product at its Visp facility. This will help to meet rapidly increasing customer demand. Download Press Releases ten23 health announces expansion with the launch of quality control services July 10 th , 2023 - ten23 health® announces the launch of “quality control” (QC) service offerings in Switzerland for release and stability testing of clinical and commercial sterile drug products according to international cGMP standards. Download Press Releases ten23 health and Elio, an AI co-pilot for eco-design, announced today their collaboration to integrate sustainability into process design for parenteral products. July 3 rd , 2023 - Recognizing the urgent need for sustainable practices across industries, ten23 health and Elio are harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and big data to drive change and foster environmentally conscious development. Download Press Releases ten23 health publishes its Fairstainability Impact Report 2022 and is delivering good progress on Patients, People and Planet goals May 30 th , 2023 - ten23 health announces the publication of its fully voluntary Fairness and Sustainability (“Fairstainability”) Impact report 2022, detailing activities and data from last year, as well as recent progress against our Goals, in line with ten23 health’s commitment on Patients, People and Planet. Download Press Releases Non-destructive particle counting - t en23 health and Bionter collaborate to improve testing of particulates in sterile products. May 2 nd , 2023 - ten23 health and Bionter, a premium supplier of analytical testing technology, announced today their collaboration to advance innovative testing methods of particulate matter. Download News 04/24/2023 ten23 health publishes its second Fairstainability report ten23 health’s purpose is collaborating for a healthy life and planet. The company has therefore voluntarily compiled the status, assessment and actions taken towards fairstainability in 2022. Interested in learning more? Click here Upcoming conferences CPHI North America Philadelphia May 07, 2024 Website ⟶ Global Drug Delivery & Formulation Summit Berlin May 21, 2024 Website ⟶ BIO US San Diego June 06, 2024 Website ⟶ BOS Basel June 20, 2024 Website ⟶ ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/knowledge-center
Knowledge Center | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Knowledge Center We believe in sharing knowledge being a key to success. In this section you will find published articles and essays authored by members of the team of ten23 health. Articles 2024, March - Andrea Allmendinger, Philipp Behrendt and Hanns-Christian Mahler present the challenges of filling very small volumes into syringes for intravitreal injections, and how ten23’s innovative filling technology can help combat the critical issue of air bubble formation. Download Article 2024, February - Andrea Allmendinger and Hanns-Christian Mahler present two case studies to illustrate the complexity of modern sterile product developments. Read article 2024, February \- Europe's Pioneering Leaders Shaping the Future of Healthcare. In this article, Euro Health Leaders Magazine features a portrait of ten23 health's CEO & Founder Prof. Dr. Hanns-Christian Mahler. Download article 2024, February - ten23 health: Sustainable success. With a dual mission to serve both patients and the planet, the Switzerland-based CDMO takes on today’s most complex sterile medicines. Read article 2023, May \- Intravitreal Injections - more than meets the eye: In this article, Andrea Allmendinger and Hanns-Christian Mahler highlight the technical challenges of intravitreal administration and considerations from the ophthalmologist’s and patient’s perspectives. Download article 2023, March - Integrated Drug Product - Development and Manufacturing. Here, Andrea Allmendinger, Michael Adler and Hanns-Christian Mahler, all at ten23 health, highlight the importance of integrated drug product development, considering aspects such as formulation, device, container closure system, manufacturing processes and usability. Download article 2023, February \- Andrea Allmendinger and Hanns-Christian Mahler, talking about challenges in the commercialization of pre-filled syringes and injection devices. Download article 2022 \- Andrea Allmendinger and Hanns-Christian Mahler, talking about “How ten23 health is meeting developmental challenges for intravitreal products”. Download article 2022, June - Hanns-Christian Mahler and Rainer Glöckler are talking about “Automating Aseptic Processing reduces Contamination Risk” in Pharmaceutical Technology. Read article 2022, May - Susanne Jörg, our COO is talking about the relevance of Drug Product development and manufacturing for Biologics. Read article 2022, April \- Addressing the Challenges of Developing Large Volume Drug/Device Combination Products for Parenteral SC Delivery. Read article 2021, April - On “State-of-the-art solutions for ophthalmic sterile drug product manufacturing” with Rainer Glöckler and Carole Delauney. Download article Brochures / Reports Download the ten23 health info brochure! Download Download the ten23 health brochure with information on delivery of subcutaneous formulations. Download Download the 2023 Fairstainability Report Download Download the 2022 Fairstainability Report Download Download the 2021 Fairstainability Report Download Podcasts In this episode, Lori-Ann Duguay interviews Hanns-Christian Mahler, CEO of ten23 Health, about their unique approach to organizational culture. Listen episode Hanns-Christian Mahler (CEO ten23 health) interviewed by Uwe Techt, in his podcast series 'Leverage Business! Das nachhaltig wachsende Unternehmen in Mittelstand' - German only Listen episode Hanns-Christian Mahler talking with Raman Seghal in the Molecule to Market podcast Listen episode Hanns-Christian Mahler (CEO ten23 health) and Andrea Allmendinger (CSO ten23 health) talk about Biologic Drug Development and Manufacturing on this episode of Drug Solutions Podcast. Listen episode ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/working-at-ten23-health
Working at ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use
of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development
Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing
Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team
Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at
ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product
Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control
Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company
The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center
Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Working at ten23 health At ten23
health, we’re dedicated to building a workforce that reflects diversity and
where everyone is empowered to bring their authentic selves to work. Our
organization is based on new work & holacracy principles, characterized by
self-management, wholeness, and a deeper sense of purpose. We are driven by
pursuing a more adaptive and human way of working, and believe in talent and
teamwork and in a creative, diverse, fun, and meaningful workplace. Our Open
Roles ten23 in a nutshell ten23 health® is the human-centric and sustainable
strategic partner of the pharmaceutical industry that helps develop,
manufacture and test tomorrow's medicines. We put Patients, People and Planet
at the center of our decisions and actions. We are driven to make a positive
and sustainable impact: for our customers, patients, our team, people and our
planet. Find out more about our commitments here. What we do Located in the
heart of Basel, our state-of-the-art formulation and analytical development
and QC testing facility is a testament to our forward-thinking approach. We
help our customers develop differentiated, stable, convenient and safe
injectable treatment options for patients. We combine the latest science with
our proven, world-class industry and regulatory expertise to break new ground
in supporting our customers. Our fill/finish (sterile manufacturing)
facilities in Visp, Switzerland, further enhance our capabilities, enabling
seamless integration of excellence at every stage of the production process.
Find out more about our sites here. How we do it In close cooperation with
various pharmaceutical partners, we develop world-first innovative solutions
to simplify the administration of injection solutions. Our core competence is
the high-precision filling of complex sterile drugs into vials, syringes and
cartridges. The combination of our expert know-how and the latest robotic
filling technology ensures agility and the highest quality for our fast-
growing international customer portfolio. We are strongly focused on providing
an innovative service in a fair and sustainable manner that respects people's
health and the future of our planet. Find out more about our solutions here
Team Testimonials on ten23 health's company culture Voice on Holacracy and
Mindset "After spending years working in a traditional hierarchical
organization, when I joined ten23 and adopted the Holacratic way of working, I
quickly realized that I was given more autonomy and freedom to advance
projects , and I felt connected to the work that I was doing as an integral
part of a team that is working together towards a common goal. One of the most
impactful changes was the increased transparency and communication within the
organization actively shaping the direction of the company. I'm proud to be
part of an organization that has embraced this new mindset and is leading the
way in the pharmaceutical industry." Dr. Andrea Allmendinger, Chief Scientific
Officer at ten23 health Voice on ten23's Workplace Culture "The company offers
a modern working environment with a great team. I am able to develop
independently in my role, contribute my know-how, and make a difference. We
are always encouraged to think outside the box and come up with new ideas. I
have had the opportunity to work on some really exciting projects that have
made a real impact on the company. I work with a team of incredibly talented
and dedicated individuals. We are all passionate about our work and we are
always willing to help each other out. If you are looking for a company where
you can grow and develop, ten23 is the place for you." Rainer Andenmatten,
Strategic Procurement at ten23 health Looking for a purpose-driven, meaningful
and impactful job? See our open roles Patients, People, Planet Our team at
ten23 health is strongly purpose-driven. We put Patients, People and Planet at
the center of our decisions and actions. explore The Team We are combining
world-class expertise in science, development, and regulatory requirements to
best support the development of tomorrow’s medicines. explore ten23 health AG
Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment &
Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times
: Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering
Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/introducing/contact
Contact | ten23 health This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Contact Business & General Inquiries contact@ten23.health Shipments & Deliveries Basel Bldg. 1094 deliveries core times: Mo-Fr, 9am-4pm shipment@ten23.health Job Inquiries jobs@ten23.health Media & Press Inquiries media@ten23.health ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/customer-login
Customer Login This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use of these
cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development
Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing
Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team
Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at
ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product
Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control
Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company
The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center
Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us Customer Login User login Enter
your username and password here in order to log in on the website ten23 health
AG Mattenstrasse 22 4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment &
Deliveries Visp: logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times
: Mon-Fri, 9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering
Committing Introducing Customer Login


 
https://www.ten23.health/ten23-health-newsletter
ten23 health Newsletter This site uses cookies. Click «OK» to accept the use
of these cookies. Read more OK Delivering Pharmaceutical Product Development
Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control Committing
Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company The Team
Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center Working at
ten23 health Contact Customer Login Delivering Pharmaceutical Product
Development Manufacturing Sterile Product Analytical Testing & Quality Control
Committing Purpose & Mission Patients, People, Planet Introducing The Company
The Team Our Sites Partners & Memberships News & Events Knowledge Center
Working at ten23 health Contact Contact us ten23 health AG Mattenstrasse 22
4058 Basel Switzerland contact@ten23.health Shipment & Deliveries Visp:
logistik@ten23.health Basel: shipment@ten23.health core times : Mon-Fri,
9am-4pm Subscribe to newsletter Legal Disclaimer Delivering Committing
Introducing Customer Login

