
 
https://salvichem.com
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish World’s leading manufacturers of Iron, Iodine and
Quinoline products Largest producers of Halquinol Sustainable development
through mindful use of our resources Creating eco-friendly products for a
greener tomorrow Creating life-enhancing products through the power of
chemistry for 41+ years State of the art manufacturing unit - developing
pilot-scale products to large scale products in 1,07,000 sq. ft. area
Innovating and creating cost-effective quality products with a strong focus on
R&D World’s leading manufacturers of Iron, Iodine and Quinoline products
Largest producers of Halquinol Sustainable development through mindful use of
our resources Creating eco-friendly products for a greener tomorrow Creating
life-enhancing products through the power of chemistry for 41+ years State of
the art manufacturing unit - developing pilot-scale products to large scale
products in 1,07,000 sq. ft. area Innovating and creating cost-effective
quality products with a strong focus on R&D World’s leading manufacturers of
Iron, Iodine and Quinoline products ‹ › Our motto is sustainable development
for all Our company’s values are based on three pillars People Non-
discrimination Fair-remuneration Health and Safety Planet Mindful use of
resources Following the principles of product stewardship Improving products
and production processes Profit Free and fair competition Compliance with all
the rules, regulations and laws Transparent Accounting Industries and
applications Benefiting the industry and society at large through constant
innovation. Food and Pharma For a healthier world Feed Life for your livestock
Cosmetic & Perfumery Making this world a beautiful place Speciality chemicals
Helping hand for growing & building things 10 Products 1 Units 23 People
Branded Products Certifications ‹ › Quick Links Products Industries
Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22
2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries
Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition
- Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/about-us
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish The story of us Come take a sneak peek into our
journey! Explore all about how we started, what we are doing and what we stand
for. It all began in 1979 Our founder Mr. Kantilal Salvi realised an
increasing demand for quality chemical products - the vision was to build a
company that creates and delivers high-quality and cost-effective products.
Mr. Salvi started this company with a small team of 5 members and one small
manufacturing space - the team is now 500 members strong and has 10+
manufacturing units and international office spaces and warehouses. Started
with manufacturing iron and iodine products, we now flaunt a world-class
product portfolio that encompasses a large variety of speciality chemicals.
Our products make this world a better place We create products that shape
society and the way it functions - making more conscious use of our resources,
we strive towards becoming more and more sustainable. Our products not only
enhance the lives of the people but our process also protects and respects the
planet and its people Our journey looks something like this 2005 - 2009
Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap. Started
the Research and Development department in the firm. 2010-2015 Got awarded
various certification and approvals for the manufacturing units and R&D units.
Crossed the dream figure of 100 crores. Became leading manufacturers of
Quilinol and Iron products. 2015-2020 The small team of 5 is now 500 members
strong. Developed in-house manufacturing technologies to become more self-
reliant. 2021 Still have a long way to go - here’s to many more acquisitions
and attempts of expansion. Stay tuned to know the story ahead. 1979 - 1984 The
first step towards the long adventure. Founded the company with a small team
of 5 members and one office space. 1985 - 1994 The beginning of the
international ride. Started exporting our products to the USA after 7
successful years in the domestic market. 1995 - 2004 Worked on company
expansion - increased the product portfolio, brought in new technologies. 2005
- 2009 Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap.
Started the Research and Development department in the firm. 2010-2015 Got
awarded various certification and approvals for the manufacturing units and
R&D units. Crossed the dream figure of 100 crores. Became leading
manufacturers of Quilinol and Iron products. 2015-2020 The small team of 5 is
now 500 members strong. Developed in-house manufacturing technologies to
become more self-reliant. 2021 Still have a long way to go - here’s to many
more acquisitions and attempts of expansion. Stay tuned to know the story
ahead. 1979 - 1984 The first step towards the long adventure. Founded the
company with a small team of 5 members and one office space. 1985 - 1994 The
beginning of the international ride. Started exporting our products to the USA
after 7 successful years in the domestic market. 1995 - 2004 Worked on company
expansion - increased the product portfolio, brought in new technologies. 2005
- 2009 Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap.
Started the Research and Development department in the firm. ‹ › Board of
directors Meet the building block of SCIL - Mr Kantilal N Salvi. He started
this company single-handedly 41 years back and still runs the show. This
venture brings together two of Mr Salvi’s passion - chemistry and business. He
overlooks the production and R&D for the company. Salvi chemicals started its
production with just two* products - Mr Nirav K Salvi is the man behind the
expansion and the massive product portfolio of SCIL. He overlooks the business
operations, and SCIL has achieved remarkable growth under his leadership. Mr
Kaushal Salvi \- the man responsible for taking SCIL to the international
market and making it a globally reputed and recognised brand. He heads the
export and marketing department of the company. He is always on his toes with
the latest technology and handles international relations for his company.
Mission and Vision Our goal is to provide quality products that are cost-
effective. We aim to be a partner of choice for our customers and to become a
one-stop solution for all their chemical needs. about-info1.png A trusted
choice for 41 long years We follow standardized international level quality
check procedures consistently for every batch through a well-documented,
validated and audited system. Our materials are as per pharmacopoeia. Quality
Control SCIL has fully equipped labs with High-Pressure Liquid Chromatography
(HPLC), Gas Chromatography (GC), spectrophotometer etc., and microbiological
facilities - to check the quality of raw material, semi-finished products and
finished products. We follow international level laboratory practices. Quick
Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email:
info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright ©
2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by
Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/products
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Creating products with a purpose. Providing solutions,
creating a better world. Explore our range of speciality chemicals and more.
Home Products Download Product Catalogue Bisglycinate Cosmetic Feed Glycinate
H3Q Max - Halquinol Iodine Derivatives Iron Supplements Selenium Sulfide
FoodPharma Nutraceuticals 0 Send Inquiry Send Inquiry 0 Product Selected 0
Products Inquiry Submitted Succeefully! Products Clear all Select By Alphabets
(401) 1-10 (15) A (15) All (200) B (3) C (45) D (7) E (5) F (22) G (0) H (2) I
(9) J (0) K (0) L (2) M (17) N (2) O (4) P (17) Q (0) R (2) S (13) T (6) U (0)
V (4) W (0) X (0) Y (0) Z (11) Select By Verticals (109) Bakery Products (10)
Biocides (3) Cosmetic Products (7) Encapsulations & DC Grade (9) Feed Products
(9) Food & Pharma Products (15) Iodine Derivatives (8) Iron Supplements (26)
Speciality Chemicals / Intermediates (22) Select By Application (21) Baby Food
(0) Bakery Products (10) Nutrition / Dietary Supplement (0) Poultry (6) Premix
(3) Swine (2) Tablet/ Capsule (0) Select Products for Inquiry Quick Links
Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email:
info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright ©
2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by
Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/research-development
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish A place for constant innovation. Transforming the
landscape of the chemical industry through constant research and developing
the products that solve the problems of today and tomorrow. Innovation and Us
A DSIR recognised R&D unit that was established in 2008. Headed by our founder
Mr Kantilal Salvi - this department was established for Mr salvi’s love for
research and innovation. 7500 sq. ft research lab for constant innovation. We
have DSIR, certified government-approved research facilities. We offer
customised development of products as per customer requirement We do In-house
development of all the production technologies in the lab. We are creating
cost-effective technologies through our research and development. We have a
full-stacked library to support all the R&d efforts. List of Major R&D
Equipments High Pressure Liquid Chromatography -Jasco. Automatic Absorption
Spectro Photometer-Varian Gas Chromatography Stirrer with Motor 4 Nos. Heating
Mental 5 Nos. Tray Dryer Vacuum Pump Weighing Balance HPLC Fume hood Autoclave
Rotary Dryer Vacuum Dryer Centrifuge Polari Meter Pilot Plants Equipments 10
Ltr to 50 Ltr Glass Assembly 25 Ltr to 100 Ltr Stainless Steel Unit 50 to 200
Ltr Glass Lined Reactors Autoclaves Nutche Filter Centrifuge Autoclave Rotary
Dryer Vaccum Dryer Our production is based on advanced technology. We adhere
to strict manufacturing practices, and ensure that we create high quality
products that are manufactured at competitive rates. Reaction can be carried
out at -55 to +220. High pressure reaction can be taken up to 25 - 15kgs at
plant scale. The Types of reactions that can be handled in plants are
Halogenation, Hydrogenation, Hydrolysis, Oxidation, Reduction, AlkyLation,
Amidation, Methylation, Iodination, Chlorination, Sulphonation, Di-
idotization, nitration. Equipments like Stainless Steel Reactors
(100ltrs-10000Itrs), Glass Lined Reactors (500 to 6300ltrs), Rubber Line
Reactors (1000- 30000Itrs), Glass Assembly (50-200Itrs), High Vacuum
distillation, Filter Press, Sparkler Filters, Hydro extractors, Hydrogenators,
Rotary Vacuum Dryers, Fluid Bed Dryers, Spin Flash Dryers, Conveyor.Dryers
Tray Dryers, Granulators, Micro-pulverisers, Mill, Shifter, blenders, etc.
Utilities like steam and high-temperature boilers, chilling plants 60t @-5,
cooling tower 200t, high vacuum pumps, compressed air, nitrogen plant, ETP
200kl capacity. Product modification as per your requirement Physical
Properties Colour Granulation Milling Compaction Pulyersing Various Bulk
Density Micronising Flow Ability Sieving Chemical Properties Purity Solubility
pH Value Packaging Options Paper Bags Palletization Fibre Drum Vaccumized
Packing HDPE Drums Boxes Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D
Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22
2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/sustainability
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/contact-us
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Contact Us Corporate Office 107-108, Western Edge II,
W.E. Highway, Borivali (E), Mumbai 400 066. MH, India. +91-22-28701438/49/50
+91-22-28703656 info@salvichem.com www.salvichem.com USA Sales Office 54,
Garrison Av, New Jersey, Jersey City Warehouse In USA West Coast, East
Coast&Laredo Factory Locations Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar
- Maharashtra. Unit - 5: GIDC, Dahej, Bharuch, Gujarat. R & D Center: MIDC
Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. ETP & MEE Plant: MIDC, Tarapur
- Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 1: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist:
Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 2: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. Unit - 3: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra.
Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 5: GIDC,
Dahej, Bharuch, Gujarat. R & D Center: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. ETP & MEE Plant: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. Unit - 1: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra.
Unit - 2: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 3: MIDC,
Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur -
Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. ‹ › Quick Links Products Industries
Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22
2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries
Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition
- Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=public
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=planet
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=profit
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish World’s leading manufacturers of Iron, Iodine and
Quinoline products Largest producers of Halquinol Sustainable development
through mindful use of our resources Creating eco-friendly products for a
greener tomorrow Creating life-enhancing products through the power of
chemistry for 41+ years State of the art manufacturing unit - developing
pilot-scale products to large scale products in 1,07,000 sq. ft. area
Innovating and creating cost-effective quality products with a strong focus on
R&D World’s leading manufacturers of Iron, Iodine and Quinoline products
Largest producers of Halquinol Sustainable development through mindful use of
our resources Creating eco-friendly products for a greener tomorrow Creating
life-enhancing products through the power of chemistry for 41+ years State of
the art manufacturing unit - developing pilot-scale products to large scale
products in 1,07,000 sq. ft. area Innovating and creating cost-effective
quality products with a strong focus on R&D World’s leading manufacturers of
Iron, Iodine and Quinoline products ‹ › Our motto is sustainable development
for all Our company’s values are based on three pillars People Non-
discrimination Fair-remuneration Health and Safety Planet Mindful use of
resources Following the principles of product stewardship Improving products
and production processes Profit Free and fair competition Compliance with all
the rules, regulations and laws Transparent Accounting Industries and
applications Benefiting the industry and society at large through constant
innovation. Food and Pharma For a healthier world Feed Life for your livestock
Cosmetic & Perfumery Making this world a beautiful place Speciality chemicals
Helping hand for growing & building things 1 Products 1 Units 1 People Branded
Products Certifications ‹ › Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D
Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22
2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/disclaimer
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Disclaimer The information contained on this website
is for general information purposes only. We make no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy,
reliability, suitability or availability concerning the website or the
information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website
for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore
strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or
damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage,
or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising
out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website,
you can link to other websites which are not under the control of Salvi
Chemical Industries Ltd. We have no control over the nature, content and
availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily
imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every
effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Salvi
Chemical Industries Ltd takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable
for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond
our control. Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact
Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656
Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
https://salvichem.com/privacy-policy
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Privacy Policy We respect the privacy of all the
individuals and companies working with us. You are requested to read this and
understand our approach towards use of personal data. By submitting personal
information to us, you will be treated as having given your permission and
consent, for disclosures referred to in this policy. Purposes of the
collection of your data: One of the purposes of our website is to inform you
of who we are and what we do. We collect and use personal information
(including name, address, telephone number and email) to better provide you
with the required services, or information. We would therefore use your
personal information in order to: respond to queries or requests submitted by
you process orders or applications submitted by you or in compliance with any
legal requirements Administer or otherwise shall carry out our obligations in
relation to any agreement you have with us anticipate and resolve problems
with any goods or services supplied to you to create products or services that
may meet your needs. To optimise our services we may wish to use your personal
data for direct marketing. As we respect your privacy we will only use your
personal data for this purpose when you are aware thereof and if required we
will request your consent prior to using your personal data for direct
marketing. Additionally, if at any time you wish us to stop using your
information for any or all of the above purposes, please contact us as set out
below and inform us in writing. We will stop the use of your information for
such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so after receiving
your written intimation.Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not
disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission
unless we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required
to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other
crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend
our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users/customers or
other individuals. Please be assured that we will not use your information for
any of the purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish us to use your
information in this way when submitting the information or at a later stage.
Security of your personal data : We have implemented technology and policies
with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and
improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes
available, as appropriate. Cookies policy What is a cookie? Cookies are small
data files that your browser places on your computer or device. Cookies help
your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any
information stored on your computer or your files. When a server uses a web
browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more user-friendly
service. To protect your privacy, your browser only gives a website access to
the cookies it has already sent to you. Why do we use cookies? We use cookies
to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us to
improve your experience when visiting our website. Cookies remember the type
of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed.
They also remember your preferences, such as language and region, which remain
as your default settings when you revisit the website. Cookies also allow you
to rate pages and fill in comment forms. Some of the cookies we use are
session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are
persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer. How do I
reject and delete cookies? We will not use cookies to collect personally
identifiable information about you. However, should you wish to do so, you can
choose to reject or block the cookies set by Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd by
changing your browser settings – see the Help function within your browser for
further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies
so if you do not wish cookies to be used you may need to actively delete or
block the cookies. Note, however, that if you reject the use of cookies you
will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not
work correctly. Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career
Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870
3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/about-us
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish The story of us Come take a sneak peek into our
journey! Explore all about how we started, what we are doing and what we stand
for. It all began in 1979 Our founder Mr. Kantilal Salvi realised an
increasing demand for quality chemical products - the vision was to build a
company that creates and delivers high-quality and cost-effective products.
Mr. Salvi started this company with a small team of 5 members and one small
manufacturing space - the team is now 500 members strong and has 10+
manufacturing units and international office spaces and warehouses. Started
with manufacturing iron and iodine products, we now flaunt a world-class
product portfolio that encompasses a large variety of speciality chemicals.
Our products make this world a better place We create products that shape
society and the way it functions - making more conscious use of our resources,
we strive towards becoming more and more sustainable. Our products not only
enhance the lives of the people but our process also protects and respects the
planet and its people Our journey looks something like this 2005 - 2009
Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap. Started
the Research and Development department in the firm. 2010-2015 Got awarded
various certification and approvals for the manufacturing units and R&D units.
Crossed the dream figure of 100 crores. Became leading manufacturers of
Quilinol and Iron products. 2015-2020 The small team of 5 is now 500 members
strong. Developed in-house manufacturing technologies to become more self-
reliant. 2021 Still have a long way to go - here’s to many more acquisitions
and attempts of expansion. Stay tuned to know the story ahead. 1979 - 1984 The
first step towards the long adventure. Founded the company with a small team
of 5 members and one office space. 1985 - 1994 The beginning of the
international ride. Started exporting our products to the USA after 7
successful years in the domestic market. 1995 - 2004 Worked on company
expansion - increased the product portfolio, brought in new technologies. 2005
- 2009 Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap.
Started the Research and Development department in the firm. 2010-2015 Got
awarded various certification and approvals for the manufacturing units and
R&D units. Crossed the dream figure of 100 crores. Became leading
manufacturers of Quilinol and Iron products. 2015-2020 The small team of 5 is
now 500 members strong. Developed in-house manufacturing technologies to
become more self-reliant. 2021 Still have a long way to go - here’s to many
more acquisitions and attempts of expansion. Stay tuned to know the story
ahead. 1979 - 1984 The first step towards the long adventure. Founded the
company with a small team of 5 members and one office space. 1985 - 1994 The
beginning of the international ride. Started exporting our products to the USA
after 7 successful years in the domestic market. 1995 - 2004 Worked on company
expansion - increased the product portfolio, brought in new technologies. 2005
- 2009 Acquired office space and warehouse in the USA. Crossed the 10 Cr cap.
Started the Research and Development department in the firm. ‹ › Board of
directors Meet the building block of SCIL - Mr Kantilal N Salvi. He started
this company single-handedly 41 years back and still runs the show. This
venture brings together two of Mr Salvi’s passion - chemistry and business. He
overlooks the production and R&D for the company. Salvi chemicals started its
production with just two* products - Mr Nirav K Salvi is the man behind the
expansion and the massive product portfolio of SCIL. He overlooks the business
operations, and SCIL has achieved remarkable growth under his leadership. Mr
Kaushal Salvi \- the man responsible for taking SCIL to the international
market and making it a globally reputed and recognised brand. He heads the
export and marketing department of the company. He is always on his toes with
the latest technology and handles international relations for his company.
Mission and Vision Our goal is to provide quality products that are cost-
effective. We aim to be a partner of choice for our customers and to become a
one-stop solution for all their chemical needs. about-info1.png A trusted
choice for 41 long years We follow standardized international level quality
check procedures consistently for every batch through a well-documented,
validated and audited system. Our materials are as per pharmacopoeia. Quality
Control SCIL has fully equipped labs with High-Pressure Liquid Chromatography
(HPLC), Gas Chromatography (GC), spectrophotometer etc., and microbiological
facilities - to check the quality of raw material, semi-finished products and
finished products. We follow international level laboratory practices. Quick
Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email:
info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright ©
2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by
Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/products
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Creating products with a purpose. Providing solutions,
creating a better world. Explore our range of speciality chemicals and more.
Home Products Download Product Catalogue Bisglycinate Cosmetic Feed Glycinate
H3Q Max - Halquinol Iodine Derivatives Iron Supplements Selenium Sulfide
FoodPharma Nutraceuticals 0 Send Inquiry Send Inquiry 0 Product Selected 0
Products Inquiry Submitted Succeefully! Products Clear all Select By Alphabets
(401) 1-10 (15) A (15) All (200) B (3) C (45) D (7) E (5) F (22) G (0) H (2) I
(9) J (0) K (0) L (2) M (17) N (2) O (4) P (17) Q (0) R (2) S (13) T (6) U (0)
V (4) W (0) X (0) Y (0) Z (11) Select By Verticals (109) Bakery Products (10)
Biocides (3) Cosmetic Products (7) Encapsulations & DC Grade (9) Feed Products
(9) Food & Pharma Products (15) Iodine Derivatives (8) Iron Supplements (26)
Speciality Chemicals / Intermediates (22) Select By Application (21) Baby Food
(0) Bakery Products (10) Nutrition / Dietary Supplement (0) Poultry (6) Premix
(3) Swine (2) Tablet/ Capsule (0) Select Products for Inquiry Quick Links
Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email:
info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright ©
2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by
Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/research-development
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish A place for constant innovation. Transforming the
landscape of the chemical industry through constant research and developing
the products that solve the problems of today and tomorrow. Innovation and Us
A DSIR recognised R&D unit that was established in 2008. Headed by our founder
Mr Kantilal Salvi - this department was established for Mr salvi’s love for
research and innovation. 7500 sq. ft research lab for constant innovation. We
have DSIR, certified government-approved research facilities. We offer
customised development of products as per customer requirement We do In-house
development of all the production technologies in the lab. We are creating
cost-effective technologies through our research and development. We have a
full-stacked library to support all the R&d efforts. List of Major R&D
Equipments High Pressure Liquid Chromatography -Jasco. Automatic Absorption
Spectro Photometer-Varian Gas Chromatography Stirrer with Motor 4 Nos. Heating
Mental 5 Nos. Tray Dryer Vacuum Pump Weighing Balance HPLC Fume hood Autoclave
Rotary Dryer Vacuum Dryer Centrifuge Polari Meter Pilot Plants Equipments 10
Ltr to 50 Ltr Glass Assembly 25 Ltr to 100 Ltr Stainless Steel Unit 50 to 200
Ltr Glass Lined Reactors Autoclaves Nutche Filter Centrifuge Autoclave Rotary
Dryer Vaccum Dryer Our production is based on advanced technology. We adhere
to strict manufacturing practices, and ensure that we create high quality
products that are manufactured at competitive rates. Reaction can be carried
out at -55 to +220. High pressure reaction can be taken up to 25 - 15kgs at
plant scale. The Types of reactions that can be handled in plants are
Halogenation, Hydrogenation, Hydrolysis, Oxidation, Reduction, AlkyLation,
Amidation, Methylation, Iodination, Chlorination, Sulphonation, Di-
idotization, nitration. Equipments like Stainless Steel Reactors
(100ltrs-10000Itrs), Glass Lined Reactors (500 to 6300ltrs), Rubber Line
Reactors (1000- 30000Itrs), Glass Assembly (50-200Itrs), High Vacuum
distillation, Filter Press, Sparkler Filters, Hydro extractors, Hydrogenators,
Rotary Vacuum Dryers, Fluid Bed Dryers, Spin Flash Dryers, Conveyor.Dryers
Tray Dryers, Granulators, Micro-pulverisers, Mill, Shifter, blenders, etc.
Utilities like steam and high-temperature boilers, chilling plants 60t @-5,
cooling tower 200t, high vacuum pumps, compressed air, nitrogen plant, ETP
200kl capacity. Product modification as per your requirement Physical
Properties Colour Granulation Milling Compaction Pulyersing Various Bulk
Density Micronising Flow Ability Sieving Chemical Properties Purity Solubility
pH Value Packaging Options Paper Bags Palletization Fibre Drum Vaccumized
Packing HDPE Drums Boxes Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D
Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22
2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/sustainability
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/contact-us
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Contact Us Corporate Office 107-108, Western Edge II,
W.E. Highway, Borivali (E), Mumbai 400 066. MH, India. +91-22-28701438/49/50
+91-22-28703656 info@salvichem.com www.salvichem.com USA Sales Office 54,
Garrison Av, New Jersey, Jersey City Warehouse In USA West Coast, East
Coast&Laredo Factory Locations Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar
- Maharashtra. Unit - 5: GIDC, Dahej, Bharuch, Gujarat. R & D Center: MIDC
Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. ETP & MEE Plant: MIDC, Tarapur
- Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 1: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist:
Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 2: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. Unit - 3: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra.
Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 5: GIDC,
Dahej, Bharuch, Gujarat. R & D Center: MIDC Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. ETP & MEE Plant: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar -
Maharashtra. Unit - 1: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra.
Unit - 2: MIDC, Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 3: MIDC,
Tarapur - Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. Unit - 4: MIDC Tarapur -
Boisar, Dist: Palghar - Maharashtra. ‹ › Quick Links Products Industries
Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22
2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries
Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition
- Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=public
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=planet
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/sustainability?tab=profit
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Sustainability The future will be green, or not at
all." - Jonathan Porritt Our Responsibility At SCIL we know that along with
being responsible for our customers and our employees we also have duty
towards our community and our environment. We believe that true progress can
only be made when we walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources
and by building products that can enhance the lives of the people in a
sustainable fashion. We believe that true progress can only be made when we
walk ahead together - with mindful use of our resources and by building
products that can enhance the lives of the people in a sustainable fashion.
Policy In Place For us Sustainability is the way of business. We have clearly
defined measures and policies in place that can reflect ownership and
accountability for our initiatives. Our Policies not only respects nature but
attempts at conserving it. Waste Management and Pollution Control. Our waste
management policy attempts at ensuring that our resources are not polluted
during the process. Air pollution Our facilities are equipped with vessels
with pressure gauges, vents, scrubbers attached to it. Each and every area is
covered with air boilers that have standardized chimneys, dust collectors
attached to control the temperature. Water pollution The facility entails
effluent treatment plant of 15000Ltrs which is compatible to handle both
primary as well as secondary treatments. We also follow the solid waste
management system with respect to storing and disposing of waste material.
Security and Safety For us safety of our employees is of top priority. We take
all the measures to ensure that our employees have a safe and healthy working
environment. Code of Conduct Our sustainability efforts are not limited to our
production - we ensure that all our partners (Production or non-production)
direct or indirect suppliers, contractors, and agents follow similar protocols
and are sustainable in their economic pursuit. Our sustainability approach has
3 dimensions People Planet Profit People Non-discrimination \- SCIL follows a
strict non-discrimination policy. It does not discriminate in any manner on
the basis of race, Ethnic background, nationality, age, religion, gender,
sexual orientation or disability. Forced labour and child labour \- We
strictly stand against any kind of forced or child labour. We ensure that we
and our partners are no way involved in such an act. Health and safety \- we
aim at creating a safe working environment for our employees. We enforce
strict policies with the aim of creating an incident and injury free work
environment. Freedom of association \- We respect the right of our employees
to freedom of association and collective bargaining. Fair remuneration \- We
follow a fair remuneration policy with due recognition for performance. Planet
Eco footprint \- We constantly improve our production process and make it more
sustainable. Our efforts include reduction in the usage of raw materials,
energy, emissions, discharges, noise, waste and reliance on natural resources
and hazardous substances. Product stewardship \- In accordance with the
principles of product stewardship, suppliers identify the risks and
environmental impact attached to their products during the production,
distribution and transportation process as well as their entire lifecycle and
look for opportunities to reduce these. In this context, we share relevant
knowledge, expertise and experience with our own suppliers, buyers and other
parties. Waste \- We have established a procedure for the safe handling,
storage, transportation, utilization and disposal of waste in accordance with
the applicable legislation. Information \- We believe in open communication.
Our buyers and customers are well informed about the environmental and safety
aspects of our products and production processes. Safety and health risks for
local residents \- We ensure highest quality safety measures for the local
residents. We are proactive with our regulations and make sure that results of
all the activities is documented. Emergency response \- SCIL makes a
reasonable and practicable effort to implement an emergency response program
that addresses the most likely anticipated emergencies. Profit Laws and
regulations \- We operate in full compliance with international, national and
local laws and regulations that are applicable to their business operations,
and obtain all the necessary permits from the respective government. Local
industry standards prevail in cases where these are more stringent than local
legal requirements. Free and fair competition \- At SCIL we value free and
fair competition throughout the world. We implement strict policies and comply
with all the competition laws present in the area. Embargoes and trade law \-
SCIL respects all the applicable trade laws and restrictions as imposed by the
United Nations or other national or supranational bodies or governments.We
have implemented strict policies to ensure compliance therewith. Bribery/Gifts
\- We refrain from any form of corruption including extortion and active or
passive bribery. Conflicts of interests \- We disclose all available
information about conflict of interest including financial interests of a
buyer’s employee in any of suppliers’ businesses. Ifat all buyer has to pay or
agrees to pay or is forced to pay any interest amount to any of its supplier
or from whom we have taken services or for any other purposes then buyer will
pay as per libor rate and the basis of exchange rate applicable on the date of
payment. Confidentiality \- We protect all confidential information provided
by the buyer and its respective business partners. Quick Links Products
Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel:
+91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical
Industries Ltd. All rights reserved. Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms
& Condition - Purchase - Sales Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/disclaimer
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Disclaimer The information contained on this website
is for general information purposes only. We make no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy,
reliability, suitability or availability concerning the website or the
information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website
for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore
strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or
damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage,
or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising
out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website,
you can link to other websites which are not under the control of Salvi
Chemical Industries Ltd. We have no control over the nature, content and
availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily
imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every
effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Salvi
Chemical Industries Ltd takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable
for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond
our control. Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career Contact
Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870 3656
Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy


 
http://salvichem.com/privacy-policy
Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. About Us Products R&D Sustainability Contact Us
English English Spanish Privacy Policy We respect the privacy of all the
individuals and companies working with us. You are requested to read this and
understand our approach towards use of personal data. By submitting personal
information to us, you will be treated as having given your permission and
consent, for disclosures referred to in this policy. Purposes of the
collection of your data: One of the purposes of our website is to inform you
of who we are and what we do. We collect and use personal information
(including name, address, telephone number and email) to better provide you
with the required services, or information. We would therefore use your
personal information in order to: respond to queries or requests submitted by
you process orders or applications submitted by you or in compliance with any
legal requirements Administer or otherwise shall carry out our obligations in
relation to any agreement you have with us anticipate and resolve problems
with any goods or services supplied to you to create products or services that
may meet your needs. To optimise our services we may wish to use your personal
data for direct marketing. As we respect your privacy we will only use your
personal data for this purpose when you are aware thereof and if required we
will request your consent prior to using your personal data for direct
marketing. Additionally, if at any time you wish us to stop using your
information for any or all of the above purposes, please contact us as set out
below and inform us in writing. We will stop the use of your information for
such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so after receiving
your written intimation.Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not
disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission
unless we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required
to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other
crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend
our rights, property or personal safety and those of our users/customers or
other individuals. Please be assured that we will not use your information for
any of the purposes if you have indicated that you do not wish us to use your
information in this way when submitting the information or at a later stage.
Security of your personal data : We have implemented technology and policies
with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and
improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes
available, as appropriate. Cookies policy What is a cookie? Cookies are small
data files that your browser places on your computer or device. Cookies help
your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any
information stored on your computer or your files. When a server uses a web
browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more user-friendly
service. To protect your privacy, your browser only gives a website access to
the cookies it has already sent to you. Why do we use cookies? We use cookies
to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us to
improve your experience when visiting our website. Cookies remember the type
of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed.
They also remember your preferences, such as language and region, which remain
as your default settings when you revisit the website. Cookies also allow you
to rate pages and fill in comment forms. Some of the cookies we use are
session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are
persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer. How do I
reject and delete cookies? We will not use cookies to collect personally
identifiable information about you. However, should you wish to do so, you can
choose to reject or block the cookies set by Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd by
changing your browser settings – see the Help function within your browser for
further details. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies
so if you do not wish cookies to be used you may need to actively delete or
block the cookies. Note, however, that if you reject the use of cookies you
will still be able to visit our websites but some of the functions may not
work correctly. Quick Links Products Industries Sustainability R&D Career
Contact Us Email: info@salvichem.com Tel: +91 22 2870 1438 FAX: +91 22 2870
3656 Copyright © 2021 Salvi Chemical Industries Ltd. All rights reserved.
Handcrafted with ❤ by Buzz Makers. Terms & Condition - Purchase - Sales
Disclaimer Privacy Policy

